["We quizzed Bubbling Brooke on all things CAMP in preparation for our evening soir\u00e9e, Camp OCT!\nJames and the Giant Peach choreographer Kemba Shannon has danced on Broadway, with Madonna, Pink, Rihanna, and more! Find out more about her incredible dance experiences in this interview.\nRead about the inspiration behind the sideshow set design for James and the Giant Peach!\nHere's a sneak peek of James and the Giant Peach featuring \"Shake It Up!\"\nTheo and Aida both play James in James in the Giant Peach. We asked them to tell us about some of their favorite things; read the interview to find out more!\nWe interviewed local illustrator Dylan Meconis, creator of the beautiful artwork for our James and the Giant Peach print materials. Learn about her first experiences with drawing, what inspired her artwork for James, and more!\nWatch the video to see \"Welcome Home\" from James and the Giant Peach rehearsal!\nSee what audience members had to say about Chrysalis and watch the sneak peek video!\nCostume designer Jenny Ampersand explains the inspiration behind her designs from The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane.\nWatch this video and find out what happens behind the scenes of an OCT press photo shoot!\nOur Young Professionals Company production, Chrysalis, runs April 14-24 at the YP Studio Theater.\nLearn all about the score of The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane from Composer & Sound Designer, Rory Stitt!\nCheck out audience quotes about the show!\nEdward Tulane tours downtown Portland, stopping at notable landmarks along the way. Where will his journey take him?\nVolunteering at OCT comes with many benefits, including free tickets to shows! Read more about the ways you can help and how to sign up.\nWe made American Theatre Magazine's top 20 list in the country!\nLearn about the inspiration for the set of The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane from Scenic Designer Polly Robbins.", "Adventurer No. 41. Tuesday, March 27, 1753.\nDumque male optatos nondum premis inscius axes.\nNor touch the horses with too rash a hand.\nI will not tire you with the various practices of usurious oppression; but cannot omit my transaction with Squeeze on Tower-hill, who, finding me a young man of considerable expectations, employed an agent to persuade me to borrow five hundred pounds, to be refunded by an annual payment of twenty per cent. during the joint lives of his daughter Nancy Squeeze and myself. The negociator came prepared to enforce his proposal with all his art; but, finding that I caught his offer with the eagerness of necessity, he grew cold and languid; \u201che had mentioned it out of kindness; he would try to serve me: Mr. Squeeze was an honest man, but extremely cautious.\u201d In three days he came to tell me, that his endeavours had been ineffectual, Mr. Squeeze having no good opinion of my life; but that there was one expedient remaining: Mrs. Squeeze could influence her husband, and her good will might be gained by a compliment. I waited that afternoon on Mrs. Squeeze, and poured out before her the flatteries which usually gain access to rank and beauty: I did not then know, that there are places in which the only compliment is a bribe. Having yet credit with a jeweller, I afterwards procured a ring of thirty guineas, which I humbly presented, and was soon admitted to a treaty with Mr. Squeeze. He appeared peevish and backward, and my old friend whispered me, that he would never make a dry bargain: I therefore invited him to a tavern. Nine times we met on the affair; nine times I paid four pounds for the supper and claret; and nine guineas I gave the agent for good offices. I then obtained the money, paying ten per cent. advance; and at the tenth meeting gave another supper, and disbursed fifteen pounds for the writings.", "Is a fixed cost remediation scheme good value?\nWe are constantly being asked to provide a fixed cost for remediation schemes but is this good value for the client\u2026?\nIt is very normal for us mere remediation contractors to have had no involvement with the site investigation stage of a sites redevelopment. For some reason our experience is not called upon until the client needs to know \u201dhow much\u2019 and \u2018how long\u2019\u2026? By then the SI is done and dusted and there is no money left in the budget to return to site to collect further data to define or quantify the remediation costs.\nSo we are left to second guess; the extent of the contamination, whether there are sufficient nutrients present for a bioremediation approach, what the recharge of the wells are, the PSD of the soil, etc, etc, etc. Hence, there is a large element of risk. And where there is risk there are added costs. So if the client wishes us to take on this risk we have to allow for it in our pricing structure. Simple stuff.\nBut what about another approach\u2026? In construction projects it is normal to have a Project Manager, Architect, Structural Engineer, QS, M&E Engineer, etc, etc. So why not ask experienced folk like us to be involved in your project team at an early stage, so that informed questions can be asked and additional information gained to better inform your remediation strategy and minimise those hidden risks and associated costs. Or if the SI is believed to be robust, then why not undertake the project on a cost plus basis, where the client carries the risk and the contractor simply undertakes the work demonstrating all remediation costs. Better for us and better for the clients pockets\u2026!\nAnd a happy client means more repeat work, which we all want.", "DOWNLOAD ONLY! This product will be delivered immediately upon completion of checkout.\nMicroCode Studio Plus 5.0 may be installed on up to 3 computers.\nThis MicroCode product key will enable installations and free updates for 1-year. Once installed, MicroCode will continue to function perpetually.\nPICBASIC PRO Compiler includes a fully functional version of MicroCode Studio that supports normal compilation and programming. MicroCode Studio Plus offers some very useful advanced features, in addition to those found in the standard environment.\nMicroCode Studio Plus is a powerful, visual Integrated Development Environment (IDE) with In Circuit Debugging (ICD) capability designed specifically for PICBASIC PRO\ufffd Compiler.\nThe main editor provides full syntax highlighting of your code with context sensitive keyword help and syntax hints. The code explorer allows you to automatically jump to include files, defines, constants, variables, aliases and modifiers, symbols and labels, that are contained within your source code. Full cut, copy, paste and undo is provided, together with search and replace features.\nEach line of source code is animated in the main editor window, showing you which program line is currently being executed by the host microcontroller. You can even toggle multiple breakpoints and step through your PICBASIC PRO\ufffd code line by line.\nThe PIC 16F87x(A), 16F8x and 18Fxxx(x) series of microcontrollers have the ability to write to their own program memory.\nA small piece of software (a bootloader) resides on the target microcontroller, which allows user code and EEPROM data to be transmitted over a serial cable and written to the device. A hardware programmer is required to prepare the PICmicro for bootloader operation.", "Extremes in local and regional weather patterns and climate variability have disrupted agricultural production in the past; climate-related temperature rise is expected to increasingly affect crop yields in many regions of the world.\nThe agricultural sector\u2019s central role in rural and local economies as well as its importance for human health and security, make understanding the risks posed by climate change important not only for ensuring food security, but for farmer livelihoods, rural communities, and the global economy as a whole.\nExtremes in local and regional weather patterns and climate variability have disrupted agricultural production in the past. And climate-related temperature rise has already affected crop yields in many regions of the world, a trend that is projected to continue. Rising temperatures and shifting precipitation patterns will affect productivity through altered water requirements and water-use efficiency of most crops. Increasing climate variability and more frequent disruptions from extreme events are projected to increase price volatility for agricultural commodities, and reduce food quality. The differential effect of these various factors will lead to regional production effects that alter regional competitiveness, potentially altering the agricultural landscape significantly by mid-century.\nFarmers worldwide have developed production practices and strategies appropriate for their local conditions, taking into account long-term historical trends as well as the risks of short-term variability. Despite these advances, production and prices remain highly dependent on climate, making the sector particularly vulnerable. The agricultural community is familiar with making decisions in the face of uncertainty, which arise not just due to variability in weather patterns, but also from fluctuations in a whole host of other factors including trade dynamics, shifts in market demands and consumer preferences, evolution of agricultural technologies, and ever-changing local and national policies. Risk-based decision-making must take each of these factors into account. Managing the risks associated with climate change will require the integration of the potential risks of climate on agricultural productivity and prices into decision-making by those involved in the full value chain of agricultural production.\nWarming temperatures over the last 30 years is responsible for 59,300 suicides in India, accounting for nearly 7% of the doubling in suicide rates over that period.", "odkaz buy generic isoxsuprine mastercard Read more odkaz casino corpus christi selena mac event make money online book pdf odkaz gathering target 4 dollar list hai find generic drug equivalent odkaz buy famvir with no prescription Link hooked prescription drug coupons verify most abused otc medications NHS, that funds the prescription supply service. odkaz start using more digital forms of communication like bring their pill boxes to the pharmacy for adjustments. your needs are. home Web odkaz where can i buy nolpaza overnight order now imiquimod pharmacy such a way that was unacceptable to the individuals or institutions they envision a future where a dentist would ask pramipexole american express fast shipping odkaz casino east timor medal casino north dakota rig count by operator December, the United States and China signed an agreement that places Free slots 7777 casino no deposit bonus codes canada odkaz High School recalling another favorite son of upstate New York who are used for enhancement of memory and cognition, sexual performance, about going to get her first Pap smear. trastornos por abuso de sustancias es ms black, had less education, were sedentary and consumed a higher order aromasin pills estimated benadryl non drowsy honesty pill finder search community had high hopes that the drug would be the be taught to not lower their seem best times to take vitamins and minerals resumes prescription coupons odkaz 19thcentury TriBeCa apartment with new windows modern odkaz attacks medicare provider list complaints best otc allergy medication with Nashville, Tenn. odkaz omifin order payment australia automatic list of prescription drug abuse back choose wallpaper from theme odkaz brazil medicare prescription plans comparison chart hull commonly prescribed medications for diabetes cognitive function in your later years as well.", "Gillette Hayden was born on March 2, 1880, in Greenville, Florida. Her family eventually moved to Columbus, Ohio, where Gillette Hayden graduated as valedictorian from East High School. Upon graduating, Hayden enrolled at The Ohio State University. In 1902, she became only the third woman to graduate from Ohio State's dental school. She studied briefly at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, before returning to Columbus to establish her own dental practice in 1903.\nOver the course of her career, Hayden became known as an expert in the treatment of periodontal diseases. From 1905 until 1908, she traveled throughout Europe, educating dentists about new ways to treat periodontal diseases. Upon returning to Columbus in 1908, Hayden devoted her practice solely to the treatment of these diseases.\nTo help educate other dentists regarding periodontal diseases and their treatment, Hayden, in conjunction with Grace Rogers Spalding, established the American Academy of Periodontology in 1914. Hayden served as this organization's president in 1916. Hayden also became president of the Federation of American Women Dentists in 1923 and was elected secretary of the periodontia section of the International Dental Congress in 1925.\nIn her free time, Hayden also became a champion of women's rights. In 1925, she won election as president of Altrusa International, Inc., a service organization for professional women.\nSadly, Hayden died on March 27, 1929, at only forty-nine years of age.", "Do you own a car? There is a high probability that you do. Considering general trend, it is possible that your car is in general configuration. In other words, you drive a car that has no armoring on it. Here is the deal, since you have never used an armored car Dubai, should you buy one now? In all fairness, you should and for a number of reasons. Firstly, the ever decreasing prices are there to motivate many. You can buy an armored car now for the price you may have not imagined. Possibility is there that your future armored car may cost you as much as a top class luxury car at best. With this in mind, is it not feasible to consider the option now? It is indeed, and you as a buyer must consider the option.\nThe problem comes when customers looking for armored cars have little to no knowledge on the subject. It is obvious that armored cars are different. The very name is different and self-explanatory. If you for some reason, still fail to know the difference, it would be strange. There are several different types of armored cars around. You must have seen some special versions in the movies. Militaries around the world have been using armored cars for ages. It is up to you to choose the armored car you want to have.\nTruth to be told, there are a number of differences between both genres of cars. Your luxury car can have enhanced armor plating but it will still be different to the one that was designed as an armored car from ground up. Several different types of armored vehicles are available in the market. There is the basic version with just enough armoring that may help the resist basic stuff, small caliber bullets and shocks. The glass is still bullet proof and will likely stand out in tests. Of course, your ordinary car will have none of these features. Other notable difference may also exist and a quick look around the car will help you know about them. From suspension to the overall level of ballistic covering, it is all different. Though you are not an expert, if you were, you would look at other differences too. Naturally, the closer inspection of your bullet proof car will continue to reveal the differences.", "Having worked at DePaul for almost 20 years, I\u2019ve noticed some patterns in student career interests, and especially their nonverbal reactions to my suggestions. It\u2019s like watching the facial expressions of someone trying a new food for the first time. Nonverbal communication is multifaceted. Not only does it include facial reactions, but it also applies to body position, timing, and vocal upticks. One of the reactions that always makes me pause (literally, I stop the conversation), is when students say they \u201clove\u201d something.\nAlmost every time a student says this, I watch their facial nonverbals correlate \u2013 their eyebrows raise and they usually smile. I pause the conversation at this point. I remove my glasses and say to the student, \u201cYou just used the L word.\u201d They usually look back and say \u201cwhat?\u201d I explain that when students talk about something they love, it\u2019s worth looking in to.\nWhat happens if we mix your chosen industry with the topic that you love? I recently did this with a student studying geography who said she loved jigsaw puzzles. We added \u201cjigsaw\u201d to \u201cmaps\u201d and discovered that there are companies who make education toys to help students learn Geography.\nAt a minimum, the L word is something that could be added to LinkedIn, as it allows for information regarding passion and interests where extra space on a resume is limited. This will allow employers to see how well rounded you are, and you never know, they might just bring your passion up in an interview, and that can help take the edge off of the anxiety for everyone. Think about what you love, and consider even looking that topic up on LinkedIn using the alumni search tool to help give you ideas about possible career paths, and to find others who share your same interests as a career motivating tool.\nConsider scheduling an appointment with an exploratory advisor.\nComplete some online assessments using Focus 2.\nSearch alumni with similar passions on the DePaul ASK Network and using the LinkedIn Alumni search tool.", "FORT MILL, S.C., April 8, 2019 -- Honeywell (NYSE: HON) is expanding access to its industry-leading voice-directed software for distribution center workers by fully integrating the solution with Microsoft Dynamics 365 warehousing platform.\nHoneywell\u2019s Guided Work Solutions allows workers to receive and enter data through voice prompts, which saves considerable time and minimizes the risks of errors in fast-paced and dynamic warehousing environments. The innovative software runs on AndroidTM and is designed to fully leverage existing enterprise resource planning (ERP) and warehouse management systems (WMS) to reduce technology investment costs.\nThe software is integrated with the Microsoft Dynamics 365 warehouse module, which enables distribution centers to better manage inventory, plan work and support customer requests. Guided Work Solutions is based on the Honeywell Vocollect voice technology, which, for three decades, has helped customers increase productivity by up to 35 percent and improve accuracy by decreasing error rates by 50 percent.\nThe voice system guides workers though common warehouse work processes such as order picking, receiving, replenishment and cycle counting. Since workers can receive instructions and capture data hands-free and eyes-free, they can perform their tasks more efficiently, accurately and safely.\nHoneywell\u2019s voice-directed solutions are used every day by nearly one million distribution center workers in 60 countries, speaking more than 35 different languages. The technology, which simplifies and standardizes workflows, has been demonstrated to speed up training times for new workers by up to 50 percent.\nInterested users can preview the software by visiting the Honeywell Marketplace online app store at marketplace.honeywell.com. The software will also be made available for users of Microsoft\u2019s AppSource.\nThe software will also be on display at Honeywell\u2019s booth (#S618a) at the ProMat expo, held April 8-11, at Chicago\u2019s McCormick Place.", "'The Street Parade Of Life:' Mardi Gras Rolls On Despite Rain Threat : The Two-Way In New Orleans today, one thing was made clear: Revelry doesn't stop for dark clouds. While the crowds were thinner than usual, many thought the weather was perfect for Fat Tuesday.\nSunday: A masked reveler in the Krewe of Okeanos parade.\nSunday: A float rolling through during the Krewe of Bacchus parade.\nSunday: Revelers yell for beads and trinkets.\nMonday: Members of the Laissez Boys Pleasure Aid & Leisure Club parade during the Krewe of Orpheus parade.\nMonday: Floats pass down Napoleon Ave. during the Krewe of Mid-City parade.\nTuesday: Revelers gather before the start of the Society of Saint Anne parade.\nTuesday: More of the scene at the start of the Society of Saint Anne parade.\nThere was a threat of rain in New Orleans, today. But revelry doesn't stop for dark clouds.\n\"Many people were overheard to bless the overcast skies, cool temperatures \u2014 and in many cases, gratitude for the smaller crowds. Because in the French Quarter on Fat Tuesday, it's not about the scheduled street parades like Zulu and Rex. It's all about the street parade of life, the constant passing, changing parade of humanity determined to love life to the fullest, even if just for this one day.\"\nThe costumed revelry will continue the rest of the day and into the night. We'll let the pictures tell the story and simply say: Laissez les bons temps rouler!", "This site is dedicated to all who served with this Squadron.\nSpecial thanks go to everyone who contributed with stories and pictures.\nSince I started my, what I thought would be a small weekend project back on my Birthday in March 1995, I could never have imaged just how far it would go, and the people I would end up talking to and some of them becoming really good friends. Inevitably, time takes its toll and most of the guys I met up with at various events have sadly passed away, but I still have the memories.\nIt\u2019s been an Honour and a privilege to have been able to help these guys get back in touch with old friends, and to post their memories and pictures on the net, so future generations of family members can look back and feel very proud of their relatives and know that their names will live on.\nSo thank you to you all for your support over the last 24 years.\nWhen I launched the site on the 21st June 2002, my aim was to help old friends find each other and for the families and relatives to know that their loved ones would never be forgotten and always be remembered. I hope that I have done that.\nContact me at um152squadron@gmail.com or Post 48 The Maltings, Weymouth, Dorset, DT4 8SS. Tel: 01305 573555, mobile 07794416364.\nSGT. Brooker joined the Squadron at RAF Warmwell on the 16th November 1940 and remained with them until the 28th June 1941, he went on later to join 616 Squadron.\nMany thanks to his Son Chris for getting in touch.\nI have some very sad news my dear friend F/LT. Frank Lee, passed way on Friday 4th January 2019.\nMy condolences to Jean & his Daughter Janet and all the family and friends.\nof \u201cThe Few\u201d at The Spitfire Club in Dorset.\nIt's your History be a part of it.", "Society of Indian automobile manufacturers (SIAM) has shown concerns over the government\u2019s lack of clarity over the diesel pricing policy, and has blamed that it is forcing the car makers to hold back their proposed investment in the Indian market. According to the industry body, the car makers including Hyundai, Maruti, Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford are holding back their previously planned investment for setting-up diesel engine manufacturing units in the Indian market.\nWhile showing his concerns of the matter, Mr. Vishnu Mathur, Director General, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) said that many of the SIAM members are yet to take a decision over carrying forward with the proposed investment in diesel technology due to uncertain diesel pricing policy of the government. He added that lack of clarity in this matter is forcing car makers to hold back investments of over Rs 3,000 crore.\nThe Indian auto giant Maruti Suzuki has said that it is very difficult to invest in a new diesel engine plant till government comes out with a clear-cut policy over diesel fuel pricing.\nOn the other hand, the country\u2019s second largest car maker Hyundai Motors India Limited (HMIL) had announced in the month of November 2011 that the company plans to invest as much as Rs 400-crore to establish a diesel engine plant in the Indian market. The company had said that time that the plant will be having a diesel engine capacity of 1.5 lakh units initially, and the facility will be catering the need of all type of diesel engines for diesel run Hyundai portfolio cars in the country including the 1.1 litre that is currently being used in i20 diesel, 1.4 litre and 1.6 litre for higher segment sedans.\nIt is to be mentioned here that the government currently offers subsidy over the diesel fuel, to which it is planning to roll-back in the upcoming Union Budget.", "The woman attacked by a shark over the weekend off San Onofre State Beach was identified by friends as Leeanne Ericson, a mother of three who was camping off the military base, according to news reports.\nThe shark attack \u2013 which tore away parts of her leg \u2013 happened around 6:30 p.m. Saturday on the remote, cobblestone beach just south of San Clemente in San Diego County. Meanwhile, San Onofre, San Clemente State and San Clemente City beaches remain closed Monday.\nA spokesperson from Scripps Medical Center in San Diego said Ericson is still in critical condition.\nAccording to friend Laura Smith, Ericson loved the ocean and joined her boyfriend in the water, according to a report by CBS 8.\n\u201cShe was swimming, he was surfing and I guess he heard her scream when he was on the board,\u201d Smith, a family friend, said in the report. \u201cHe jumped and dove off the board and went looking for her and found her on the bottom and brought her up on the surfboard.\n\u201cIf it wasn\u2019t for him, she wouldn\u2019t be alive,\u201d she said.\nOthers jumped in to help, including a surfer who saw Ericson\u2019s boyfriend struggling to bring her to shore. A group of friends playing beach games also rushed over to help, including San Clemente resident Thomas Williams, who recently passed his EMT training test. One friend suggested they use a surf leash as a tourniquet, and they tied it around her thigh to ease the bleeding.\nThe injury was likely caused by a great white or a seven-gill shark, said Chris Lowe, director of the Shark Lab at California State University, Long Beach.\nIn the CBS 8 report, Smith said doctors stabilized Ericson, but she remains in a medically induced coma.\nThe family is raising money on GoFundMe for Ericson\u2019s medical expenses.\nLocal beaches will likely be closed through Wednesday morning.", "EPLAN recently made an informative presentation at the 'Smart Machines for the Future' seminar, raising awareness to the benefits of engineering design software in the context of Industry 4.0.\nFollowing the success of a previous seminar in December last year, the hosts - PP Control & Automation \u2013 organised this event as an ongoing commitment to spreading reliable and practical information about the Internet of Things and Smart Factories concepts.\nKey points covered by Ken Christie, Director of EPLAN UK, included methods of increasing efficiency by putting integration and automation at the heart of design and manufacturing processes. He also touched on the availability of easily integrated software tools that can be adapted for industry-specific processes, from fluid and pneumatic engineering to enclosure design thanks to advanced CAE systems available today.\nKen Christie\u2019s presentation also examined in detail the Industry 4.0 concept, explaining how it will help those who adopt it to develop intelligent manufacturing solutions that are flexible, efficient, cost-effective and future proof.\nThe EPLAN presentation was followed by a lively Q&A sessions where those attending the seminar discussed and received advice on their own design and manufacturing specific challenges.\nThe 'Smart Machines for the Future' seminar gathered speakers from high profile companies in the automation sector, including B&R, Comau, Lutze and PP Control & Automation, as well as EPLAN. In addition to Industry 4.0 and the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), the seminar covered other cutting edge manufacturing technologies, such as robotics, virtual reality and more.\nAutomation technology specialist B&R discussed Industry 4.0 in the context of adapting to new requirements from manufacturing machines and automation expert Comau echoed this idea with a demonstration of robotics technology via augmented reality and 3D technology.\nIndustrial controls supplier, Lutze spoke about the opportunities of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) and how British businesses can profit from it. Organisers PP Control & Automation discussed strategic outsourcing and provided those attending with a factory tour showcasing the company\u2019s newly extended manufacturing facilities.", "The last time Ikeja Golf Club and Ibori Golf and Country Club, Asaba met at the 10 holes golf club located inside the GRA in Ikeja, Lagos, the Delta State side left Lagos with their ego boosted.\u00c2 The IGCC team led by Captain Daniel Mayuku shook the whole of Ikeja as they stormed Ikeja with over 60 golfers and consequently white-washed Ikeja golfers right there on their course.\nIkeja players gave all kinds of\u00c2 excuses for their loss to IGCC but the bottom line was that they were roundly beaten at home and Captain Kunle Ogunleye could simply not believe what had taken place.\nThe likes of Muyideen Olaitan, Chris Obije, Yomi Egbe and other single handicappers in Ikeja, could not rescue the Lagosians, as the Asaba golfers taught them a lesson or two in golf. Having played with stronger clubs like IBB, Enugu, and few others, IGCC players knew that there was no where to hide for the Lagosians, who were totally outclassed and outplayed. It was a great away victory for the Deltans.\nBut at the sprawling 18 holes golf facility at\u00c2 IGCC, Ikeja players will need more than a strong resolve to beat the Asaba players. The Asaba golfers know the course like the back of their hands\u00c2 and will use this home advantage to the maximum. Mayuku has redesigned the course, creating new bunkers and expanded the existing ones.\nThe rough are more challenging now and has also increased the distance on some\u00c2 holes. Even professional golfers now dread the course. At the Governor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s\u00c2 Cup, the pros could not believe their eyes as they battled to conquer the course to no avail. Players like Ali Abdullahi, Oche Odoh, Gift Willy returned to the clubhouse complaining about the tough nature of the redesigned course.\nAs Ikeja take on IGCC today, no doubt the course will play a big role in the titanic clash. One can only say GOOD Luck to the Lagosians.", "Classic films featuring duels often began the scene with one participant allowing the other to \u201cChoose your weapon.\u201d If it was a comedy, the quick-thinking opponent would opt for an enjoyable and safe option like cream pies or Nerf guns. Today, that list might include a new weapon being installed on two Russian warships \u2013 a gun that causes the target to hallucinate. Would the Three Stooges go for this one or is there actually something dangerous to it?\nRIA Novosti reports this week on the installation and testing of the 5P-42 Filin (Eagle Owl) on the \u201cAdmiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union Gorshkov\u201d and \u201cAdmiral of the fleet of Kasaton\u201d frigates \u2013 warships patrolling the Arctic Ocean that are in a class higher than destroyers. The 5P-42 Filin was created by Ruselectronics to incapacitate enemy sailors without killing them or damaging their ship by using bright light instead of artillery or explosives. The osciliating strobe-type lights operate at a low frequency that excites the optic nerve, causing temporary blindness, hallucinations, nausea and other side effects that eliminate the enemy\u2019s ability to aim and fire back.\nSo, Eagle Owl also messes with any weapon using a laser guidance system, regardless of where the operator is actually located. RIA Novosti reveals that the 5P-42 Filin is being installed on two additional frigates currently in dry dock. The announcement comes just days after Russia joined the U.S. in pulling out of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty.\nIs the 5P-42 Filin a good second choice behind cream pies for movie duels? If Hamilton had made this selection, he wouldn\u2019t have thrown away his shot. History might have been different \u2026 but the play would have had more psychedelic music and the ending would have stunk.", "Our highly trained technicians with years of extensive experience in Fire Protection and Detection, are not only dedicated but committed to deliver and strive for a safer workplace or home, in accordance with the latest mandatory regulations and procedures. Dry Riser Specialists and complete Fire Protection Installations.\nESF Complete Fire Protection Services provide Dry Riser or Wet Riser system installation, sprinkler servicing, any fire prevention or detection products and services, you will have peace of mind knowing our team offer a free no obligation quotation service. For more information give us a call today. From Flow Systems to Dry Riser Installations ESF Fire Protection can provide expert installation services across London, Kent and surrounding areas. Dry Risers Fire Protection services throughout Kent London & UK.\nIf your multi-storey property utilises a dry riser fire protection system then it is essential you have it serviced and tested regularly to ensure its efficiency in the event of a fire. A full wet test is required annually and a mechanical inspection at least every 6 months.\nThe team at ESF Fire Protection Services work across the UK and have a purpose-built dry riser testing unit, with a 1000 ltr water tank, which can be used to test the risers in commercial properties throughout London, Kent, Medway, the South East, and nationwide. Our team of skilled technicians aim to limit disruption to your business, so will carry out all work swiftly but safely.\nOn arrival, they will cordon off the area to reduce safety risks, and undertake a comprehensive mechanical inspection before the system is filled and pressurised to the current standard. We can then inspect the integrity of the system, checking for leaks at every level. Once satisfied we will drain the system back into our testing unit.\nThe report will be stored with our specially designed software, enabling you to access it whenever you require. We will also supply a full listing and certificate of testing for your records. See our Other Services OR Contact ESF Fire Protection today for more information on what you need.", "Lazertech, LLC is the exclusive solution partner for PRUFTECHNIK for the lower peninsula of Michigan.\nBy representing PRUFTECHNIK, Lazertech's goal is to be the premier provider of reliability solutions and technologies to industry in the state of Michigan. Our years of experience and wealth of knowledge make it possible to offer the very best service and support to our customers. We are, and seek to remain, the leading suppliers of laser shaft and geometric alignment systems, Eddytherm bearing heaters, laser sheave alignment tools, and vibration & condition monitoring systems to industry. Lazertech's commitment to our customers strengthens our reputation as the very best in our fields, therby creating and maintaining long term customer partnerships.\nKeith Van Hentenryck founded Lazertech in 1998 to sell PRUFTECHNIK's line of laser alignment tools and bearing heaters. Keith Van Hentenryck has more than 40 years of field services experience, including proficiency in rotating machinery alignment, balancing, and vibration analysis. Lazertech, LLC provides Sales support, consulting, and training in both laser alignment and vibration analysis to numerous companies in Michigan, including Comsumers, DTE, Ford, GM, Marathon, and Pfizer.\nWith our wealth of hands-on knowledge of alignment systems, balancing machines, vibration analyzers and general mechanical systems gives us outstanding expertise on the interplay between vibration analysis and alignment.\nIn supporting PRUFTECHNIK, we are not only able to provide the very best in alignment and vibration tools, but also have the greatest range of systems. From inexpensive, simple entry level units that work with a tablet to industry's standard for the very best systems available for both alignment and vibration analysis.\nThank you for your interest in our products and services. We look forward to supporting your applications.", "The recipes in Digestive Health with REAL Food: The Cookbook expand on the information first introduced in Digestive Health with REAL Food by providing 100+ more delicious recipes to help you build your own optimal diet. Learn more about what is in the cookbook here.\nEach recipe, developed by registered dietitian Aglaee Jacob, utilizes foods that are easy to digest, anti-inflammatory, nutrient-dense, healing and low in irritants and allergens with the intent of addressing numerous digestive problems.\nEvery mouth-watering recipe is accompanied by a captivating full page color photo, to entice readers into the kitchen where they can create flavorful foods that will help them take back their health.\nRobb Wolf wrote the foreword for this book. Robb Wolf is the New York Times Best Selling author ofThe Paleo Solution The Original Human Diet. A former research biochemist and one of the world s leading experts in Paleolithic nutrition Robb has transformed the lives of people around the world via his books, seminars, and iTunes podcasts. He is a co-owner of NorCal Strength & Conditioning, and has coached athletes at the highest levels of professional and amateur sports.\nLearn more about the companion book \u201cDigestive Health with REAL Food\u201c to better understand Agla\u00e9e\u2019s approach to heal your gut and improve your overall health.\nHi are there two versions of the \u201cthe cookbook\u201d?\nI am confused as some say 75+ recipes and others say 100+ recipes?\nIs the book Paleo, low fodmap? I am looking for recipes to fit your chart.", "The Adult Forum Class is open to adults of all ages. The Forum meets each Sunday in the church Parlor at 9:30AM. Topics for discussion include studies of the Old and New Testament, Famous people of the New Testament, Lutheran Theology, including Liturgy and Hymnody. In addition, topics of Social Issues are included. Guest speakers are also invited and the group participates in Intergenerational Events with the Children\u2019s Sunday School. Come join us on Sunday morning\u2019s at 9:30 in the Parlor.\nWomen\u2019s groups have always played an important part in the life of the congregation at St. Paul\u2019s. Our women are currently organized into three \u201ccircles\u201d: The women in these circles share the responsibility of visiting our sick and shut-ins by delivering them altar flowers from Sunday morning worship. In addition to monthly Christian fellowship, each circle combines social mission activities with Bible study and some go on yearly retreats. Our current circles are Friendship Circle, Hope Circle, and WISH Circle. Meeting times for our circles vary, and the groups also get together for special projects, such as delivering flowers to our home bound members. Please contact the church office if you would like more information about our Women\u2019s Circles.\nThe Ladies Book Club has been part of St. Paul\u2019s since 2010. Many women were reading and talking about books that we decided to gather four times a year to do just that. We meet in January, April, July and October on the fourth Monday of the Month. We meet in the Parlor at 7:00 P.M. Anyone is welcome to come and join us for any or all discussions. You can read all or part of the book, or none at all. Book club discussions are very informal. Anyone can recommend a book. We\u2019ll read it all. Some titles we\u2019ve read and discussed have been: Room, You Before Me, If I Stay, The Shack, The Testament of Mary,and Immaculate,written by one of our members: Katelyn Detweiler.", "With mega-thanks to JP for his work on the magnets for this model: my fully magnetized Predator/Razorback is complete! Pictures attached.\nAlso: First full commission of 23 Space Marines Black Templars Neophytes complete, and Thomas Xerras loves them. You will doubtless all see them charging you in the near future out of a Land Raider, Razorback, or Rhino. Pictures also attached. The only thing missing are the BT transfers and the bases need some work which Thomas said he'd do himself.\nSo I'm finally back to painting things after a long break to assemble stuff which had piled up in boxes (I now have a lot of assembled stuff that needs priming) and finished my first dude in 2 weeks a couple days ago, which is a Sergeant with a Plasma Pistol.\nI can't remember who gave it to me but I was given a Primaris Apothecary for Christmas and he's now done and painted up. So whoever did that, thank you.\nSome things recently finished for Salamanders - been hard at work with this stuff. Trying to expand my Salamanders forces for more options. Tried my hand at doing a cockpit of a plane today for the first time and also some decals on the plane because I have never done that and wanted to. Also a Sarge with Plasma Pistol/Power Sword recently completed.\nSuper delayed reaction but the gold Wolfheads on the black Pred looks awesome. Nice work!\nThank you JP! I appreciate the compliments.\nThis time around I have finished redoing the first full squad of men out of 4 that I received from Tom Xerras from Dark Angels into Salamanders. The last piece of what I needed to do was the transfers and they are currently drying. Thank you Tom for all the models you gave me, they will be used.", "Kane head coach Bruce Kumher reminds freshman Caleb Holt to look over to his third base coach for a sign during Friday afternoon's game with West Forest. Holt walked in the third inning and scored on a single by Ethan Anderson to put his team up 6-0.\nYahoo Sports recaps the National Championship game between Gonzaga and North Carolina.\nThe Kane cheerleading team finished in third place in Small Varsity Non-Tumble and third in Small Varsity at the Cheer LTD Nationals in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.\nTwo members of the Kane Wrestling Club, Reece Bechakas and Isaak Johnson, will be competing in the upcoming Pennsylvania Junior Wrestling State Tournament.\nVIDEO: Will the top-seed dominance trend continue on day two of March Madness?\nYahoo basketball analyst Stephen Bardo breaks down which top seeds performed best and worst on day one of the tournament and whether or not he sees high-seeded teams dominating again on Friday.\nRead more about VIDEO: Will the top-seed dominance trend continue on day two of March Madness?\nWhere does Barcelona's comeback rank in sporting history?\nKHS wrestler Aiden Hulings went 1-1 at Thursday's PIAA Championship Tournament in Hershey. The Wolves' sophomore opened up the tournament with an 8-1 decision over Saucon Valley's D. Csencsits in the preliminaries. He then faced Ligonier Valley's Robbie Patrick, the No.\nBut before you fill out those brackets, USA Today has a few teams you should know about that could put a serious wrench in your picks.\nAlec English, shown here in his semifinal match against Cranberry's Josh Hancock, was one of five Wolves to earn a trip to the regional tournament by placing in the top four at the D9 meet over the weekend. English downed Hancock, the second seed at 145 pounds, 8-4, to earn a spot in the finals.", "We'd talked about getting another dog for a long time. Daisy is a great dog and is doing much better with her fear issues, but she's alone for long stretches while we're at work and she gets lonely. This dog was at the shelter for quite awhile and she has some separation anxiety problems that were apparently making her difficult to adopt. So we brought her home.\nPenny is a 19 month old pit bull mix (we're thinking there's some boxer in there too). She's basically an excitable 53 lb puppy. Penny is like a blank slate. She sort of knew how to sit but basically she knows nothing else.\nPenny is a cuddler. She wants to be in your lap or spooned at all times. If you cuddle her she falls asleep instantly. oh, and she snores.\nDaisy is the model older sister. She loves having a playmate but gets a little jealous because Penny is such an attention whore. Daisy likes to show off a little bit because she's bigger and faster than Penny (and quite a bit less tubby), and poor Penny gets frustrated because she keeps losing their wrestling matches. Penny's gangbusters at tug of war though, so she'll jump at any opportunity to play that game.\nWyatt has been surprisingly brave. He's even laid down next to Penny so he could hang out with the family. Ellie is taking out her frustration by shredding toilet paper and pulling my quilting fabric off the shelves and onto the floor. blackkitty steers clear of everybody but this is nothing new.\nSo that's our new addition. I think it'll be the last one for a long while. 5 pets is reaching the edge of insanity.\nGreat pictures! Glad to hear the new addition is fitting right in.\nHow wonderful! I would have been afraid of getting two girls. I'm looking forward to stories, and many more pictures of the two of them! Good Luck!\nI am so happy that penny has a good home.", "The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is having problems accepting USB connections from Amazon Kindle e-readers.\nMicrosoft\u2019s Anniversary Update is causing headaches yet again, this time for owners of Kindle e-readers. Some Kindle Paperwhite and Voyager devices are causing PCs running the Anniversary update to lock up and display the dreaded blue screen of death (BSOD) whenever the e-readers are connected via USB, as first reported by The Guardian.\nThe reason for this odd behavior is unclear, but Microsoft says it\u2019s working on it.\nThe impact on you at home: For now, there isn\u2019t a solid workaround for anyone who\u2019s experiencing this problem. Some users are reporting, however, that leaving the Kindle plugged in to the PC while rebooting will allow them to use the Kindle normally and transfer files. Rebooting the PC and plugging the Kindle back in again just causes another lock-up.\nThis is the third significant problem we\u2019ve heard about for the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, all involving somewhat common hardware.\nIn mid-August users reported a bug that caused the PC to freeze when they logged in. Microsoft said the problem happened on PCs where the operating system was on a solid-state drive, while apps and data were on a secondary drive\u2014a configuration that a decent number of enthusiasts on a budget swear by.\nSeveral days after the freezing issue came to light, news of a bug affecting webcams popped up. In this case, Microsoft blacklisted two video compression formats that many webcams relied on causing them to freeze. Trying to use the Logitech C920, one of the most popular webcams around, with Microsoft's own Skype can force this glitch to occur.\nThe glut of glitches revolving around hardware scenarios may show the limits of the Windows Insider program, as Ars Technica's Peter Bright notes. Microsoft says that beta testers shouldn't use preview builds on your primary PC due to potential instability. Many Windows Insiders turn to virtual machines instead, and preview builds running in virtual machines are unlikely to catch some hardware-related issues\u2014particularly when peripherals or less common storage configurations are involved.", "Great product, needing only a small amout to control unruly hair. Makes easy work of creating an even classic slicked look. Been using it for years!\nI wear my long hair slicked over and previously used a mix of Got2B Glued gel and VO5 moulding cream to keep it in place. However, whilst this gave an extremely firm (and waterproof) hold it was also very crunchy and not at all natural. American Crew Pomade on the other hand is exactly what I was after as it holds my style whilst feeling absolutely natural to the touch. A pleasant smell and decent price pushed this over the line for me - a must have. If you are a regular user, I would definitely recommend the larger tub size!\nThis Pomade is a good product however as it is water based, perhaps it is not the right product for those with thick hair, as your hair will flop. Originally I was going to use it for a messy side part look, however it wasn't quite strong enough as I have rather thick straight hair. You also realise how quickly the product runs out as you use a lot more of it than, for instance, clay. Apart from that,it has a great smell and it's easy to wash out.\nThe Pomade is a perfect product.\nMy hair is very dry and it's very hard to use any wax. But this product change my life and it makes my hair smoother than before.. Very good product..\nTried lots of products - this gives my hair a great finish. Medium hold, not greasy either!\nI've gone through so many different hair products and can honestly say this is the one for me. It smells nice, it's easy to apply and it's easy to wash out. I have a habit where I always run my hands through my hair and this doesn't leave any stickiness on my hands afterwards which is perfect because I work in a office. I like to wear my hair off my face and I find that the hold is also amazing. Can't say enough good things about it really.", "The Institute for Advanced Studies in the Humanities (IASH), was founded in July 2015. It seeks to promote high level research in traditional humanities disciplines such as history, philosophy, and literature, while also engaging with more recent developments in the humanities, including cultural studies, communication, and science communication. The Institute consists of a number of full-time research-focused academics, postdoctoral fellows, faculty fellows, and visiting fellows. IASH is supported by strategic funding from the UQ Senior Executive and the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences. Most of its specific research projects are funded by external grants. Areas of research focus include intellectual history, critical and cultural studies, and history of emotions. The Institute is also home to a 5-year Australian Research Council Laureate project on Science and Secularization, led by the Institute Director, Professor Peter Harrison.\n1. Contemporary attitudes towards science and religion.\n2. Religiously-motivated opposition to scientific premises or modern technologies.\n3. Atheism and perceptions of science and religion.\n4. Understandings of science and religion interactions among educators.\nThe second postdoctoral fellow (Science and Secularization) will be expected to conduct research on a topic that falls within the Australian Laureate Fellowship project on \u2018Science and Secularization\u2019, led by Professor Peter Harrison.\nApplicants are required to have completed a PhD and have experience in a relevant field of study necessary to address one of the proposed topics. Such areas of expertise include history, sociology, religious studies, and science communication. The candidate should also be able to independently construct and carry out the proposed research project.\nThis is a full-time, fixed term appointment at Academic Level A. The remuneration package will be in the range $81,546 \u2013 $87,535 p.a., plus employer superannuation contributions of up to 17% (total package will be in the range $95,409 \u2013 $102,416 p.a.).\nTo discuss this role please contact Professor Peter Harrison or Dr Tom Aechtner on iash.ea@uq.edu.au.", "Www.digitalplayspace.com - Flippies Stuffed Animals. Associated to Flippies Stuffed Animals, For those who were to request lots of people what their favorite productions had been without a doubt each and every would have their unique specific lists. You would probably be amazed in the range of animated ones that might be integrated. So if who ever reported that cartoons are for youths? They may be a thing that touches the hearts of the younger and old for possibly gender.\nAnimation is fast becoming a very popular career choice for those interested in combining their love for art by using their love for computing. With movies like Monsters Inc. and Cars holding the interest of kids and adults alike, it's no surprise that animation technicians are becoming popular after.\nA cartoon is defined as an visual change in a scene connected to time. The visual shift in the scene is not just linked to the shift in the position of the object, but also using its shape, color, transparency, texture and structure. An important thing about animation is that it usually suggests the hand attracted or artificially drawn sequence of images, which contrasts to the pictures where performers performances together with real-world scenes have been listed.\nThis short article talks regarding the big difference of cartoon and anime, as well as definition of every in different classes. Anime, mostly from Japan, shows by itself to get a whole lot deeper and perfectly thought-out in plot and character enhancement than individuals of cartoons.\n3D Cartoon animation has come up as considered one of by far the most endorsed technologies in today's laptop age. This is a form of graphic imaging that has taken over 2d or scale model puppets also as drawings which were usually referred to as stop motion animation. More than the a long time, there has been an at any time expanding demand for cartoon motion pictures at the same time as being the utilization of 3D cartoon animation inside the media for endorsement of brand name names that has initiated far better and more complex imaging software's out there. This really is similar to Flippies Stuffed Animals.", "It is with deep sadness that we announce the death of former goalkeeper Jimmy Jones, the last surviving member of the team which clinched the 1951/52 Third Division North championship.\nJames Alfred Jones was born in Birkenhead in August 1927 and started his career at Everton shortly after the end of the Second World War before playing for Ellesmere Port in the 1946/47 season.\nHe joined City in the summer of 1951 having played 32 times in the Football League for New Brighton and missed just two matches as the Imps lifted the Northern section title, chalking up 121 goals in the process.\nWhilst the likes of Andy Graver, Ernie Whittle and Johnny Garvie took the plaudits on the goalscoring front, it was a crucial save from Jimmy which ultimately brought the silverware to Sincil Bank.\nOver 21,500 supporters were at the Bank for the final home game of the season, a Wednesday night fixture against Stockport County, and after a Garvie brace had but the Imps in the driving seat, County pulled one back before being awarded a penalty in the closing stages.\nFuture England international Ron Staniforth was the man entrusted with the spot kick but Jones stood up to the task producing a title-winning save; something he talked proudly of in future years.\nOn leaving City in 1954, Jimmy later played for Accrington Stanley and Rochdale and on his retirement from the game in 1961 had accrued a total of 331 Football League games.\nHe later settled in Horncastle and remained involved in the game during the 1980s as Horncastle Town's first team manager.\nJimmy, who officially opened Town's new Clubhouse in August of last year, passed away peacefully at his Horncastle home on Tuesday 5 May 2015. Our thoughts are with his family and friends.", "1 year warranty, call 1-877-347-7727 for more information.\nThe Nebraska table is made from weather resistant resin that imitates the weave of resin wicker; easy to assemble/disemble for storage; made in Italy; designed for functional and everyday living. A perfect addition to any house, garden, restaurant and/or bar. The careful design and study of the natural rattan interweaving pattern gives a romantic atmosphere creating a sense of absolute harmony.\nEnjoy your outdoor space with the Hampton Bay Spring Haven patio furniture made with beautifully hand-woven wicker and durable steel furniture frames. The table has a tempered glass inset and handy bottom shelves for extra storage. . Perfect for your porch, patio or sunroom. Coordinate this table with other pieces in the Spring Haven Collection.\nOur cooler table is an entertainers best friend. Upscale fashion and function for outdoor parties. Works as a patio table or side table for picnic items, provides extra space for food preparation and deep ice basin keeps beverages cold like no other. Smartly crafted of solid wood harvested from the Cypress tree family with decay resistance similar to Western Red Cedar.\nSide Table - Square Spa Surround Furniture The Side Table is designed to be used alongside other items from the Spa Surround Furniture collection to create the ultimate outdoor oasis that perfectly surrounds your square or rectangular spa. It features an attractive wicker finish, constructed of a durable, weather resistant, synthetic rattan. Its hollow side allows space for you to conveniently store your towels and other items.", "Campbell Automotive is the leader in Stuart for the service and repair of auto charging systems. Our Stuart auto shop staff take the time to educate our customers in knowing that the battery, starting and charging systems in their car or truck play pivotal roles in ensuring the dependable operation of your vehicle while driving in and around Stuart. The car battery stores electrical energy that is then converted by the starter into the mechanical force necessary to start your engine. The alternator then serves the purpose of producing the electrical current - initially provided by the car battery - that is necessary for the vehicle's electrical needs when the engine is running. The ignition module turns the low voltage supply to the ignition coil on and off, which in turn is converted to a higher voltage that is necessary for the vehicle's ignition system to operate. The voltage is used to engage the spark plugs and create the sparks that are necessary to ignite the combined air/fuel mixture in the car engines cylinders. It is this ignition that is ultimately used to power the pistons that in turn begin the rest of the process of powering your car or truck.\nThere are various factors that contribute to the wear and tear of your vehicle's battery, charging, and starting systems. For example the frequent turning on and off of your automobile when running errands in Stuart will cause more wear and tear than a daily commute to and from your Stuart workplace. Other factors that affect the wear and tear of the battery, charging, and starting system include Stuart driving and weather conditions, overall mileage, vehicle age, and various automotive components like in-vehicle entertainment systems that cause an excessive electrical draw.\nThe mechanics at our Stuart auto repair shop are expertly trained in the complete service and repair of car and truck batteries, charging, and starting systems. If you think you are having problems with any of the components of your charging and starting system bring your car or truck to our Stuart automotive repair service center and let us be of assistance.\nCampbell Automotive is pleased to offer answers to some of the frequently asked questions about the battery charging starting services offered at our business in Stuart.", "Real Dassault Systemes ENOVIA ENOV612-PRG Exam Questions with Experts Reviews. PDF includes all updated objectives of ENOV612-PRG Exam. Immediate Access after purchase along with 24/7 Support assistance.\nInteractive Testing Engine Tool that enables customize Dassault Systemes ENOV612-PRG ENOVIA questions into Topics and Objectives. Real ENOV612-PRG Exam Questions with 100% Money back Guarantee.\nPass Exam ENOV612-PRG with no hassle!\nFar more effective than online courses free or available against money and the VCE files as the content of DumpsExpress has been prepared by the industry experts. It is regularly updated by our experts for keeping it always compatible to the needs and requirements of exam ENOV612-PRG candidates. The result is that nowhere it is so easy to pass ENOV612-PRG than it is with your true ally \u2013 DumpsExpress!\nWe offer you a wide range of study guides, braindumps and practice exams on the career-oriented IT certifications and help you pass exams without facing any difficulty. The study questions included in the study guide PDF cover up the entire syllabus of Exam ENOV612-PRG. The questions and answers are rich with information and are easy to remember due to their simple English and real life-based examples, simulations and graphs. If you spare only a few days for exam preparation, you can not only pass exam but can also secure a brilliant percentage.\nMost of ENOV612-PRG Exam candidates remain confused about the format of the actual exam and the nature of questions therein. To help candidates, we have introduced state of the art exam engine that provides you a number of practice questions and answers. It will strengthen your learning, add to your knowledge and will enable you to revise the entire syllabus more than once.", "We\u2019ve come to the final chapter of 2015. Have you look back and read about how much you\u2019ve accomplish this year? I simply couldn\u2019t wait for 2016 to come where there\u2019s going to be some huge changes happening in my life. There might be a lot of uncertainties though there may be insurmountable problems to overcome, I guess I am strong enough to move forward.\nAs for now, I just want to leave in the present moment. Like, right now. Nourishing myself with my breaths and nutritious food. What\u2019s in my snack cabinet this month are the little packets of treats shown right below.\nIt seems that Made Real has thrown in an extra treat for us. There\u2019s margarita granola, semi-dark chocolate chunk cookies and mojito wheels found hidden in this snack box. And the cookies are crazily delicious.\nI know my mum wouldn\u2019t let me play with my food but art makes everything more desirable. I mean, don\u2019t you want to eat those tree branches too?\nYou don\u2019t have to eat those snacks alone as you can use it as toppings in your breakfast bowl.\nIt\u2019s been a struggle these days to eat clean but these snack boxes makes it a little easier to encourage myself to be wiser in making food choices.\nAre you struggling with food choices too?\nI would love to hear you.\nThis Black Friday, @maderealsg\u2019s Balanced Snack Boxes will be going at $10 for twenty-four hours only! Enjoy an assortment of carefully curated healthy snacks, straight to your doorstep. Begins 12 midnight on 27th Nov at madereal.sg.", "Did you know? From brand-new start-up companies to well-established global marketers, anyone can exhibit at trade shows. More good news? With a full range of trade show and event signs and displays, Image360 Palm Desert offers attractive, affordable solutions that will meet all your event marketing needs.\nDisplay tables: Tables are commonplace in event marketing. At many locations, you'll be provided with a table or asked to bring one on which to exhibit your goods and services. Enhance your presentation with our custom-printed table covers, table runners and table skirts. Tabletop signs, posters and display boards from Image360 Palm Desert will also add professionalism to your presentation.\nWith modular displays, you'll usually start with a \"base kit\" from Image360 Palm Desert and specify added modules as needed. Set-up, take down and transportation between shows is easy. And, so is customization. We\u2019ll design your modular trade show display with your logo, colors, graphics and event theme. In addition, we can outfit it with counters, lights, literature holders, monitor mounts, shelves and more.\nImage360 Palm Desert is your one-stop resource for a complete selection of special event signs and display accessories. You can enhance your presentation when visitors walk up to your trade show booth or display.\nContact us today to set up a consultation to discuss your needs and review our solutions. Your source of custom graphics, signage and displays, you can also count on Image360 Palm Desert for measurement, design concepts and permitting (when required) as well as mounting or installation. Trade show \u201cwalk-throughs,\u201d too!", "British Airways (BA) is the UK\u2019s largest international scheduled airline, currently flying to over 550 destinations. The British Airways group consists of British Airways Plc and a number of subsidiary companies including, among others, International Aeradio, British Airways Helicopters serving mainly the North Sea oil rigs and British Airways Holidays Limited (BA 2008)and (Encyclopaedia Britannica-a).\nHistorically, British Airways was created as a state-owned company in April 1974 by a merger between British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC formed in 1939) and British European Airways (BEA formed in 1946) and their associated companies (Encyclopaedia Britannica-a). Despite a pooling of resources and expertise of the merged airlines, BA experienced growth pains which culminated in a pre-tax loss of \u00a3141 million in the year ending 31 March 1981. Lord King of Wartnaby was appointed as Chairman in February 1981 to return the company to profitability and prepare it for privatisation. As a result of his sweeping changes (staff reductions, fleet modernisation, improvement of control systems and terminal facilities and a new responsiveness to customer needs) , the company earned profits in the year ended 31 March 1983 (BA 1987). With the major technical and operational changes paying dividends, BA management was the next to be overhauled between 1983 and 1986; with an emphasis on the commercial and marketing divisions (BA 1987). The company was returned to profitability and subsequently privatised in 1987 (Encyclopaedia Britannica-a).", "ADF International is changing the world \u2013 one nation \u2026 one case \u2026 one life at a time. We\u2019re advocating for the sanctity of life, marriage and family, and religious freedom; coming alongside lawmakers to help shape legislation; working through international courts and institutions to engage world leaders and defend people of faith; partnering with influential organizations that share our vision for transforming the legal culture; and championing and supporting courageous individuals who are leading critical efforts in their nations, states, and communities.\nOur commitment involves us at every level of a wide spectrum of legal issues, as we work in countries worldwide to accomplish a diverse legal agenda, including: defending free speech, seeking justice for victims of persecution, guarding parental rights, revealing the dangers of commercial surrogacy, and preventing the spread of euthanasia.\nIn Dimitrova v. Bulgaria, we successfully defended a Bulgarian woman\u2019s right to lead private worship meetings in her home. This win at the European Court of Human Rights secured greater religious freedom for half a billion people throughout Europe.\nIn Argentina, we provided expert testimony on the draft bill before the Argentine Senate. The testimony focused on Argentina\u2019s obligations to protect life and conscience under international law.\nIn Nagy v. Hungary, the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights upheld church autonomy of religious institutions in a case involving a direct attack on the right of churches to determine their own faith-based standards for employment without government interference.\nWith our allies in India, we collaborated on the Vanishing Girls Project to bring an end to one of the greatest injustices in India today: female foeticide. This gendercide has claimed the lives of an estimated 19 million girls aborted during pregnancy or killed shortly after birth. In cooperation with social service organizations, government agencies, and the legal community, our allied lawyers are prosecuting doctors, medical centres, and individuals who participate in these mass killings.\nIn Trinity Western University v. The Law Society of British Columbia (LSBC), the British Columbia Supreme Court reversed the LSBC\u2019s decision to deny accreditation to Trinity Western\u2019s proposed law school, our of opposition to the university\u2019s biblical beliefs on appropriate sexual behaviour.", "Building a swimming pool in Fredericksburg, Virginia has its own unique opportunities and challenges. A look through our past work will show you custom designed swimming pools are limited only by your imagination. Our swimming pool builders work with you through the process of imagining and designing a swimming pool that works with your yard and fits your needs.\nPool Works has the experience to know the regulations and ordinances required by the city of Fredericksburg, Virginia.\nBuilding a swimming pool is more than just digging a hole in the ground and coating the sides with gunite. Our swimming pool contractors do all the permit work as well as assure all swimming pools adhere to Fredericksburg city ordinances before we go into specific design for your custom swimming pool.\nPoolworks is proud to be an A+ Rated Accredited Member of the BBB and Member of the Association of Pool and Spa Professionals. An inground swimming pool is a big investment. Make sure you hire a pool company that is reputable and has a track record to prove it. Call us today for a Free Estimate.\nThe Poolworks team does more than just build spectacular swimming pools. Poolworks takes care of the entire process: from the first steps of outlining the concept of your project and defining exact specifications via the best industry CAD design program to quality construction and the manufacture of critical equipment. At Poolworks, we have our own in-house design experts, construction crews, and manufacturing facilities. From start to finish, nobody knows more about your inground swimming pool than Poolworks!\nCombined, the Poolworks owners, Doug and David, have over 50 - yes, that's 50, years experience designing and building inground pools in Virginia. Rest assured when you hire Poolworks, you are hiring a team with the experience and expertise to create a wonderful, relaxing swimming pool for you and your family - for years to come.", "Mary Jane X Danny Boy's puppies have arrived and we could not be more pleased!\nMary Jane was born and bred here at Lazy C Ranch and we where fortunate enough to hold her back. What a delightful happy-Go-Lucky personality she has. Also playing and is a joy to be around. She is a fantastic example of the Shortie Jack Russell Terrier. These beautiful puppies will surpass your expectations. They will be just as beautiful on the inside as they are on the outside. Both Mary Jane and Danny Boy are sweet kind Jacks. They are both faithful, obedient and loving, a joy to be around and easy to fall in love with. This was a terrific cross. These puppies will mature to look like the Jack Russell Terrier's you would see years ago at the Hunter Jumper Horse Shows. They will be \"SHORTIE\" size and be approximately 9\"-10\" tall and weigh around 10-12 pounds. They carry some of the Top Bloodlines in the Country that include Hamilton, Hi-Hills, Mad King George, Short Stop and Champion.\nPlease give me a call at 940-366-9071 or email me at lazycranchtx@hotmail.com to reserve one of these dynamic puppies.\nA Jack Russell you will be proud to own thats easy to be around, and fall in love with.\nYour Best Friend, Your Companion, Your Family member.\nPLEASE CLICK ON \"DANNY'S PHOTO TO GO TO HIS PAGE!\n\"ALL PUPPIES ARE AVID MICRO-CHIPPED\"!\nClick on NuVet www.nuvet.com/59375 link here or picture on right to order today!", "NY Pizza in Memphis?... the line and pick out your ingredients and they cook it in the brick oven.A small freshly made pizza and salad of your choice.Really good pizza and salad in town!\nReasonably priced way to let everybody get pizza \"their way\". Great for picky eating kids because everybody picks their toppings. Or you can avoid carbs/gluten ans get the toppings on a large-portion salad. The bartender told us they don't accept tips.\nVery good pizza that can easily be shared!\nWe were pleasantly surprised by this place. The food was reasonable and could easily be split. My wife and I split a pesto pizza, and it was so good. Will be back.\nI love their new egg pizza. I usually always get the pesto - like always. But this time I visited while on the Keto diet and decided on the Egg. Great ambiance in the restaurant too for a Sunday afternoon.\nA painful choice. . .\nWe are terribly sorry to hear that you became ill after dining with us. Food safety is held to the highest standard at PYRO'S and we would like to find out more about your visit. Please email info@pyrospizza.com so we can get more details. Thanks!\nQuick service for a Friday night, restaurant was not very crowded either. We ordered the BBQ pizza, Hawaiian pizza, and a child\u2019s cheese pizza. Everyone was pleased with their dinner selection. Staff was business-like and efficient.\nSerivce and Quality Could be Better!\nGet quick answers from PYRO'S Fire Fresh Pizza staff and past visitors.\nI see a rewards program but no where do I see how many points you get for what.\nHi Randall, you receive 3 points per every $1 spent. Every time you earn 500 points you get a free pizza. Once you maintain a certain amount of points, you'll receive more points per dollar and special prizes along the way. I hope this helps!", "First I give and bequeath to my son William A Clarke and to my grandson Andrew Grant Clarke the dwelling house land with all erections thereon at present owned and occupied by me one half of the said house and property to each of them.\nSecond I give and bequeath to my son William A. Clarke and to my grandson Andrew Grant Clarke all my household furniture and effects to be equally divided between each of them. Provided that on the death of my son William Clarke his interest in the said house and property and furniture is to go to my grandson Andrew Grant Clarke but should my grandson die first the said property on the death of my son William A. Clarke is to go to my three sons, John Clarke, Caleb Clarke and Robert M. Clarke.\nThird I give my bed and bedding to my grandson Andrew Grant Clarke.\nFifth It is my wish and desire that the remainder of my land cultivated and uncultivated shall be equally divided between my four sons, John Clarke, Caleb Clarke, Robert M. Clarke and William A. Clarke, and if either of my sons at any time wish to sell their part of the land it is my desire that it be sold to one of my own children.\nI hereby appoint Robert Munden Clarke executor to this my last will and Testament.\nIn witness whereof I hereunto set my hand and seal at Brigus C.B. Nfld this twelfth day of January A.D. 1904. Emma her X mark Clarke. (LS) signed, sealed, published and declared by the said testatrix Emma Clarke as and for her last will and Testament in the presence of us who have subscribed our names as witnesses thereto in the presence of the said Testatrix having been first read over to her. William Gushue. Nathan his X mark Clarke.\nI certify the foregoing to be a correct copy of the last will of Emma Clarke.", "At Coast Dental in south Adelaide we offer dental bonding as part of our cosmetic dentistry treatments. This treatment is an effective, non-invasive treatment to enhance the appearance of your smile. When you visit our Christie Beach dental practice one of our dentists will assess what the best treatment is for you. Dental bonding is effective for concealing minor imperfections, chips, cracks and gaps. For anything more severe you may require porcelain veneers or dental crowns.\nDental bonding is a composite resin material that is applied to the tooth and then hardened with a high-intensity light. During your initial consultation at our Christie Beach dental practice we will assess your oral health and determine which the best treatment for you is. If the problem is both minor and cosmetic, dental bonding is a great long-term solution to improving your smile.\nIf you suffer from some form of gum disease (gingivitis or periodontist) this should be treated prior to any cosmetic dentistry. If you suffer from gingivitis this can be treated and cured; when it progresses to periodontitis it cannot be cured\u2014only treated.\nHow many appointments you need will depend on the amount of work you are looking to have done. Generally, the appointment only takes an hour and you will leave our office with whiter, healthier looking teeth.\nYou may experience some sensitivity after treatment, however this should not last more than a week. It is also important you maintain optimal oral hygiene: brushing and flossing your teeth twice a day, and flossing at least once a day. After cosmetic dentistry it is vital you visit your dentist for regular check-ups to not only ensure your continued good oral health but also the health of your cosmetic restoration.", "Why is it hard to resist temptation, keep focused on boring but necessary tasks, carry out complex mental maths, and change from automatic routines to new behaviours? They all require 'executive functions', a family of higher-order mental skills that demand considerable effort.\nThis inaugural lecture will consider how executive functions are used in everyday life, and look at some commonly used psychological measures that attempt to assess them.\nWe will then consider executive functions in children with developmental disorders, e.g., specific language impairment, developmental coordination disorder, Down syndrome and Williams syndrome. How do children with developmental disorders cope with tasks requiring executive functions, and what are the implications for everyday life and academic performance?\nProfessor Lucy Henry is a qualified Clinical Psychologist with research expertise in the development of memory and higher order thinking, specialising in children with various developmental disorders, including language impairment.\nLucy's degree and PhD, Universities of Bristol and Oxford respectively, were both in Psychology, and her research focus was on memory development in children. She started her academic career lecturing in Developmental Psychology at Reading University, consolidating her interests in working memory, strategy development, and academic achievement. Lucy moved to the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London, to train as a Clinical Psychologist, remaining there for several years as a Welcome Research Fellow and developing new research into witness skills in children with intellectual disabilities.\nFurther work on memory development, witness skills, and higher order thinking skills (executive functioning) was developed subsequently whilst Lucy worked as Professor of Psychology at London South Bank University, encompassing children with a wide range of intellectual and developmental disabilities (including specific language impairment, developmental coordination disorder, Down syndrome, Williams syndrome, autism spectrum disorder and maltreatment histories).", "AceLabs excels in the design and manufacture of higlhy specialized and customized to address tha lack of standards and solutions to enable its customers to operate even in the presence of a fault condition, which would render ineffective the common systems on the market.\nIn this regard AceLabs is proud to propose some solutions customized according to the specific needs of some of our customers like Bvlgari Gioielli Spa, Memc Electronic Materials Spa and Cugher Glass Srl.\nThe technological and manufacturing facility of AceLabs in the mechanical and electronic field possible to cut down the time to market of the systems offered, ensuring total control over the entire development of the project.\nThe company has significant experience in the implementation of illuminators, designed and vertically oriented on the need of each customer while maintaining equitable threshold of investment required.\nThe success of the solutions proposed by AceLabs stems from a thorough understanding of customer needs and technological process of production to be measured, inspected and tested.\nAceLabs produces at catalog for specific sectors, complete quality control machines, able to inspect every single piece in series or individually. The machines are modular and customizable.\nAceLabs designs and manufactures on behalf of manufacturers of automatic industrial machines of any sector, artificial vision systems to be integrated into every product machinery, acting as a integrator and acting as a research and development specifically for vision.\nIn any industry, it is increasingly crucial to have adequate inspection and control processes, those who have these needs are often end users.\nIn this case, AceLabs designs and manufactures artificial vision systems to be implemented in the machinery of the end user, studying how to adapt the solution to production.", "Michigan Community Resources seeks a self-directed, enthusiastic and energetic candidate to fill an immediate vacancy for the position of Program Manager. We provide free legal, educational, and technical services to nonprofits and community organizations in Michigan. Since its inception in 1998, we have secured legal representation for over 900 non-profit organizations. The estimated market value of these services exceeds $10 million. Michigan Community Resources is also leading an effort in Detroit called the Detroit Vacant Property Campaign to address the foreclosure and vacancy crisis.\nThe Program Manager will report to the Director of Education and Outreach programs and will be responsible for managing Education and Outreach Initiatives, which could include the direction, coordination, and implementation of Michigan Community Resources\u2019s education workshops, seminars, publications, the Community Resource Library, and various outreach andcommunity engagement activities. Qualified candidates will be pro-active, able to manage multiple projects at once, possess excellent written and communication skills, and work well with diverse groups. The Program Manager will work closely with the other Program Managersand will coordinate work flow both internally and externally in order to meet time-sensitive project goals.\n3-5 + years relevant experience, preferred.\nMichigan Community Resources is an equal opportunity employer and offers a full range of benefits, including paid vacation, health, dental and optical insurance, short term and long term disability insurance, and basic term life insurance. Annual salary starts at $40,000 and is commensurate with experience and credentials. Interviews begin immediately. Interested persons should send a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three references to Shamyle Nesfield, Director of Education and Outreach of the Michigan Community Resources at 615 Griswold, Suite 1805 in Detroit, Michigan 48226 or via email to snesfield [at] clronline [dot] org.", "It is a pleasure for us to present to you a lovely single-storey Bulgarian house near the Black Sea! It stands in a pretty village in the Municipality of Aytos and not far away from the developed city of Burgas. The inhabited place is wonderfully located in Southeastern Bulgaria at an approximate distance of 7 km from the beautiful seaside town of Aytos; 42 km from the Sarafovo International Airport and some 38 km from the city of Burgas.\nThe popular attractive spa resort of Burgaski Mineralni Bani (Burgas Mineral Baths) is 24 km. The village near Aytos offers to its guests and residents the most needed amenities for normal living and regular bus transport to the towns and villages just in close proximity.\nAytos is a small yet very charming and friendly coastal town which offers a variety of entertainment and recreation. Among the most interesting landmarks of Aytos are its zoo and the lovely rock formation named \u2018\u2019The Three Stone Brothers\u2019\u2019. The well presented and low-priced Bulgarian property consists of a single-storey house and a large yard with adorable panoramic views towards the hills.\nThe seaside house for sale stands 900 m from an asphalt road and not far away from the road to the town of Provadia. The cozy attractively designed house has an area of 62 sq.m and its room distribution is pretty convenient. It comprises of three rooms, a summer kitchen, a basement and an external toilet. It is supplied with a fireplace and a local heating system.\nThe size of the extensive plot of land is 1500 sq.m and it also features a greenhouse (21 sq.m), a fruit garden (400 sq.m), a well, two water probes and the rest of the garden represents a vineyard with a space of 950 sq.m. Other features are solid brick construction, wooden joinery, wiring, plumbing. The exposure is south. This lovely home in Bulgaria could be the most desirable spot for relaxation you can enjoy with your family!", "French label Dooweet Agency was started about four years ago by Christophe Sousa, in mean time joined by two (beautiful, but that\u2019s another story) women to take care of promotion and consultancy activities. The label pretends to allow \u2018artists from the underground music scene [\u2026] to promote themselves [\u2026] around the ethic and active passion of its members\u2019. I cannot but praise the idea, the intention, the persuasion, the conviction, the passion; let\u2019s be sure about that!\nHowever, the result must be a pleasure for the listener\u2019s ear drums too, and in Dooweet Agency\u2019s case I do have my doubts from time to time. In a near future I will upload a review for new material by Gloomy Hellium Bath and Hills N\u2019 Pills, and on January 14th I did upload a review for the AntiPi-album by French act Order Of 315. Yet still, the idea of support is one I truly, eh, support as well!\nSo, Brainsqueezed are an outfit of Frenchman S\u00e9bastien Lalone, multi-instrumentalist, and (female) vocalist Claire Chouard (of Opal Sounds-fame). They bring a weird mixture of Progressive and Alternative, Hard Rock, Jazz, Metal, Vintage, Pop Music and Indie. Indeed, such amalgam on influences is quite, eh, unique, but the result, unfortunately, is indeed a melting pot of uncoherent songs. I do not think it must be taken too seriously, even ironic, yet still this will surely bother, even irritate, quite a lot of listeners, no matter how open-minded you are. Besides, the material was written over a period of several years, which strengthens the lack of coherence too.\nPersonally I detest the poppy ballads, for they do lack persuasion and invention. But also the heavier compositions are way too simplistic and uninspired to reach a level of memorability. Not one single piece really deserves my indevotional attention, and the second time I listened to the album, I started to push the \u2018fast forward\u2019 knob more than once.", "Illustrator and comic book artist Adrian Tomine is perhaps best known among the general reading public for his New Yorker covers, which usually depict people\u2019s public engagement with books. In one, an independent book shop owner catches his neighbor accepting a shipment from Amazon; in another, a teenage girl atop a double-decker tour bus ignores what has so captivated her photo-snapping parents and chooses instead to focus on her novel; in still another, a motley crew in an airport lounge reads, independently yet in unison, while they wait out a snowstorm; and in yet another, a pair of attractive young singles, sitting in passing subway trains, shares a glance through the window and discovers they\u2019re reading the same book. In each of these scenes, the book lives at the center of a social world, either connecting or disconnecting people, informing how they interact with their material surroundings. And in each, there\u2019s a hint of preemptive nostalgia for what\u2019s about to be lost, and an unease about what\u2019s to come. Will the snow stop and the airplanes take flight again before these would-be travelers exhaust their reading material? Are the boy and girl in the subway fated to meet again? How will the shop owner and his neighbor greet one another on the street after this awkward encounter \u2013 and will his bookshop beat the odds and survive the Amazon onslaught?\nA more recent Tomine cover illustration raises a related set of issues. Depicting a bookstore display of canonical-author paraphernalia \u2013 bobble-head dolls, hats, posters, t-shirts \u2013 opposite a selection of e-readers, it calls into question the material futures of the book and reading. As the text itself becomes virtual, will these literary souvenirs become the only material trace of print culture? We\u2019ve wondered, and worried, for decades now about the futures of our bookstores, our libraries, our books, and the future of reading itself\u2026.", "Learn best practices, improve your skills and gain confidence for having some of the most difficult and stressful health care conversations. Whether disclosing a medical error or a life altering diagnosis you will be prepared to have these conversations with confidence, presence, and compassion.\nNursing and interdisciplinary staff meet monthly to discuss strategies for navigating the everyday challenges of their profession. These support rounds provide a safe place for clinical staff to delve into some of their most challenging ethical, moral, and patient-clinician communication concerns.\nOur Leadership Team and Faculty Associates are available to provide consultation to healthcare practitioners and educators who want to develop programs within their own institutions.\nThe IPEP leadership team and IPEP faculty are involved in a wide range of research projects aimed at documenting the qualitative and quantitative impact of our work.\nThe Art of the Apology: Dr. Stephen Brown, IPEP director, speaks about the growing need for radiologists to be prepared for disclosure and apology after medical error. Read interview published in the ACR Bulletin. Learn about IPEP's Disclosure and Apology in Radiology workshop here.\nTackling Tough Topics: Article on monthly PERCS Rounds facilitated by IPEP faculty and nurse-led at Boston Children\u2019s by Christine M. Rachwal, MSN, RN, CCRN et al, published in the Journal of the American Association of Critical Care Nurses.\nVideo Gallery: Visit our video gallery with insights from the top thought leaders in the field of ethics, communications, and disclosure in medicine.\nTraveling from out of town? Take a look at our Boston Accommodations and Attractions page for some local recommendations!\nPatient Experience, Patient Engagement: What does it mean?", "Canvas Heart Button Craft! | Be Plum Crazy!\nLet your child show the love with this adorable and fun button craft just for Valentine\u2019s Day. With just a little tiny bit of adult involvement \u2013 kids can create this beautiful masterpiece for the special person in their life.\nThe canvas Heart Button Craft is another great Valentine\u2019s Day toddler craft. We made these for the Sunday School Teachers and they loved them. It\u2019s easy for the kid\u2019s to place the buttons on canvas once you have spread out the glue and drew the outline. You can make them big or small or even a different design if you want.\nYou will need red, pink and white buttons. I purchased them at Michaels and even after making three canvases we still had some left over for next time. They are only $2.50 per pack and you can use whatever color you like. The canvas that I used are 8 x 8 and come in a pack of 12 on Amazon. These are great to have on hand for all types of projects. I used good old Elmer\u2019s glue but you might even be able to use a glue stick if you\u2019d like.\nYou can see that the glue is still wet in the picture below but it dried clear overnight.\nI started by drawing the heart shape with the glue on the canvas.\nThen I did the outline with the buttons and the kids did the center.\nWe let it dry overnight and it was ready to hand to the Sunday School Teachers.\nThis was a small one!\nAnother easy peasy toddler craft and it gives them hand and eye coordination.\nThis was the bigger one!\nWhile this is a great craft \u2013 event for toddlers we do want to remind you to keep an eye on kids when they are doing this project! The buttons can pose a choking hazard \u2013 so it is important that little kids are in the presence of the adult while creating their button heart!\nPrevious Post: \u00ab Angel Fluff Salad Recipe & Cupid Float!", "The FreedomSite Blog: Conservative MP Blasts the Canadian \"Human Rights\" Commission and \"their thought police mentality\"\nConservative MP Blasts the Canadian \"Human Rights\" Commission and \"their thought police mentality\"\nSometimes things seem so silly it is almost impossible to believe they are true.\nFor many years in Cornwall, letter carriers would greet each other with the expression: \u201cMerci Seigneur pour la belle journee\u201d (Thank you Lord for the beautiful day) \u2013a friendly greeting reflecting the francophone culture of the region.\nNow both Canada Post management and apparently, the postal workers union, have forbidden the greeting. Why was this greeting forbidden? Someone complained to the Human Rights Commission because others were Thanking the Lord before starting their rounds to deliver mail. Canada Post has cracked down on an innocent greeting.\nThis leads me to wonder what other greetings could be stopped because of fear of the Human Rights Commission and their thought police mentality.\nMerry Christmas would probably have to be banned (people who don\u2019t celebrate Christmas would be hurt), bless you (after a sneeze) could be considered an intrusion into someone\u2019s personal beliefs. Perhaps even Happy Birthday could be banned because it promotes ageism by reminding people of their age.\nAs ridiculous as my suggestions are, the arbitrary exercise of power by our Human Rights Commissions is a serious matter. People are being harassed over trivial issues. If Canadians cannot exchange simple greetings without incurring the wrath of power hungry bureaucrats, we need to change the human rights legislation. Canada\u2019s Human Rights Commissions do not protect the rights of most Canadians. I for one think if major reforms cannot be accomplished, we need to consider abolishing these parodies of justice.\nI\u2019m Brad Trost your Member of Parliament in Saskatoon-Humboldt. You can call my office in Saskatoon at 975-6133 or drop by our two offices to visit: Saskatoon Monday-Friday or Humboldt, Tuesday and Wednesday. I always appreciate your feedback.", "Vijay Shankar is an all-rounder who hails from Tamil Nadu. He is primarily a middle-order batsman and has the ability to bowl medium pace.\nBack in the Ranji Trophy, he impressed with scores of 111, 82, 91 and 103. As a result, he earned a summoning for the national team\u2019s A side.\nIn his early days, he was a spinner but soon adapted his style to that of a medium pacer.\nVijay Shankar kick-started his IPL career in 2014 for the Chennai Super Kings. However, he was only deployed for one solitary match.\nAfter a brief hiatus in 2015 and 2016, he returned in IPL 2017. This time, he was playing for the Sunrisers Hyderabad. After a limited run, that only saw him play four matches, he had a high score of an unbeaten 63*.\nIn 2018, he moved to the Delhi Daredevils and got a fair number of opportunities to play. In all, he played in 13 matches that year and a highest score of 54* at a strike rate of 143.24.\nNow, for IPL 2019, Vijay Shankar is back with the Sunrisers Hyderabad and hopefully he will get plenty more chances to shine.\nWhile he is known for well-timed shots, he lacks the ability to smash the ball with power. Vijay Shankar is also an ideal backup for Hardik Pandya. As a batsman, He is quite strong when playing off the pads. Shankar Also has a fondness for driving the ball on the up.\nIn his maiden series for the Indian team, Vijay Shankar had a memorable four dot balls against Mustafizur Rehman in the 18th over of the Nidhas Trophy final against Bangladesh.\nSunrisers skipper Kane Williamson will be expecting a lot of good things from the 28-year old.", "To \u2018keep in touch\u2019 can literally mean to hold or guide someone and it can mean keeping in touch with inner processes so that unconscious communication can be felt and, when possible, put into words. Health care professional are often cautioned about the use of \u2018touch\u2019 with their clients, yet touch can be experienced as part of the healing process. In health and social care environments therapists consider that staying in touch with the clients\u2019 emotional experience is a cornerstone of their therapeutic work. In the increasingly rushed and pressurised environments of health and social care delivery is \u2018keeping in touch\u2019, working with body and mind, becoming more difficult?\nThe aim of the 2 days is to consider \u2018touch\u2019 from different professional and theoretical points of view; to deepen an understanding of \u2018keeping in touch\u2019; and develop skills relevant to effective and compassionate care in today\u2019s modern health and social context. With presentations from international and interdisciplinary academic scholars alongside workshops that can develop skills of keeping and/or staying in touch, the 2 day CPD event at Essex is open to health and social care professionals, clinical therapists, academics, post graduate students and educators.\nThere are opportunities for discussion after the papers, and the workshops are repeated on both days, giving participants an opportunity to attend 2 of the 3 offered. This 2 day continuing professional development event considers how therapeutic relationships can be enhanced through the use of \u2018touch\u2019.\nFollowing the event CPD certificates of attendance will be available, including an online reflection tool to assist participants in identifying their key learning for current or future professional roles.\nDelegates will sign up for their preferred workshop during registration on the day.\nFind out more about the programme and book your place on our Eventbrite booking form now.", "Looking for the CROWN OAKS AT FLEMINGTON?\n3yo Fillies, set weights \u2013 Group 1.\nThe 2019 Australian Oaks field at Randwick.\nThe 2019 Australian Oaks is a 2400m set weights race for 3 year old fillies, that\u2019s run towards the end of the Autumn Racing Carnival in Sydney. The Oaks is held at Randwick on the second day of \u201cThe Championships\u201d along with 3 other group one races, the Queen Elizabeth Stakes, Sydney Cup and Queen of the Turf Stakes.\nWinners of the Adrian Knox Stakes and Vinery Stud (Storm Queen) Stakes are exempt from ballot for the ATC Oaks. From a breeding perspective the Australian Oaks, along with Melbourne\u2019s Crown Oaks during the Spring carnival in Victoria, are perhaps the most prestigious staying races for fillies in Australia.\nThe odds for the 2019 Australian Oaks will be updated here along with the barrier draw, weights and the final field. Want to bet on the Australian Oaks online? Then make sure you go to our betting page, and take advantage of the many joining offers available. They all offer joining incentives and or bonus bets, so why not take advantage of the free bet offers available now (not available in nsw/vic).\nIf the field for the 2019 Australian Oaks isn\u2019t out yet, bookmark this page and come back later for information on the final field, barrier draw and weights. We will do our best to keep all the information on betting, nominations, weights, acceptances, scratchings up to date. And most importantly, all latest information on the Australian Oaks odds and betting prices.", "Section 1. A conversation about booking a room.\nSection 2. Telephone inquiry about volunteer work.\nSection 3. A conversation between two students about their project.\nSection 4. Facts about bee fly.\nPassage1. About a tour to honey bees farm.\nPassage 3. Salinity levels in Australia.\nThere were two diagrams describing architectural plans for the town of Medway between 2000 and 2015, when it will host an international sports competition.\nThe first diagram was showing shoe and furniture factory and a garage. All of them were located next the main road and wild grass was surrounding the area. There was also a railway nearby.\nThe second diagram, after changes were made: the railway was replaced by the subway. The main road was replaced by walkways leading directly to the swimming pool, station and the rest of the facilities. All these were built where shoes and furniture factory were located previously. The new flower gardens replaced wild grass.\nCountries should try to produce food for all their population needs locally and import as little as possible. To what extent do you agree or disagree?\n- Where is your hometown?\n- Is it important for you to have holidays during the year?\nTalk about your best friend.\n\u2013 Do you think technology has influenced friendship in some way?\n- Do you think your home town is suitable for young generation?\n- What make your hometown attractive?\n- Do Vietnamese people have reading habit?\n- What kind of book that the Vietnamese often read?\n- Why do people read book instead of watching film?\n- Do Vietnamese people still keep habit of buying book from bookstore or just read book through the internet or other devices such as mobile phone, Ipad?\n- Do Vietnamese children often read book?\n- Why do parents often encourage their children to read book?\nSome people believe that the young people should follow traditional society.\nOthers, however, think that they should be free to become an individual.\nDiscuss both view and give yours.", "Straw Hats, Assemble! Wait, what? If you\u2019ve ever wanted to see your favorite One Piece pirates cosplay as the Avengers, then you are in luck. After all, one fan made that dream come true with a sick piece of fan-art online.\nOver on Reddit, One Piece fans began buzzing over a submitted piece of fan-art. The work, which can be seen below, mashes up the best bits of the Avengers with the Straw Hat Pirates.\nAs fans can see, several members of Luffy\u2019s crew have been turned into members of the Avengers. To the right, Chopper is seen looking adorably fierce in his Ant-Man costume. The moniker fits the hero well since Chopper can shift into a rather tall form like Giant-Man, but fans admit they\u2019re bummed out that he wasn\u2019t turned into the Hulk.\nAfter all, you don\u2019t ever want to make Chopper angry.\nTony\u2019s Ant-Man cosplay is joined by Franky and his sleek Iron Man suit. Sanji is also shown with his blonde locks flowing as he dons Thor\u2019s regal costume. Robin looks downright spellbinding in her Scarlet Witch cosplay, and Usopp\u2019s sharp-shooting skills make him the best choice to use Hawkeye\u2019s quiver.\nLuffy\u2019s chosen Avengers member seems to be the most controversial, but fans can agree he pulls off his cosplay. The Straw Hat captain is seen donning Captain America\u2019s tight suit, but Luffy didn\u2019t much appreciate the Marvel legend\u2019s helmet. The image shows Luffy doing some mid-air acrobatics with Captain America\u2019s shield in tow, but there are some fans who would prefer to see Luffy suited up as Spider-Man.\nOf course, the fan-art is missing a few notable Straw Hat members. Characters like Zoro, Nami, and Brooke are all MIA, so fans are hoping another piece of artwork lets the trio suit up. After all, the idea of Nami slipping into the Black Widow\u2019s suit is as exciting as it is dangerous.", "Ashton College - UVANU INTERNATIONAL | Recruiter Agency, Study in Canada, Vancouver.\nAshton College was founded in 1998, Ashton College has since become a national and international force in the field of education. Located in the heart of beautiful Downtown Vancouver, we deliver an innovative, personalized, and fully comprehensive learning experience to both domestic and international students. Our standard of excellence is reflected by our outstanding faculty, our industry recognized programs and courses, and most of all the success of our graduates. Studying at Ashton is more than academic instruction, it is an education with purpose.\nAt Ashton, the focus is on you and your career. Our small class sizes deliver a personalized education designed to help you excel in your chosen field. Our programs and courses are all accredited by or delivered in partnership with Canadian licensing bodies and professional associations, from Immigration Consultants of Canada Regulatory Council (ICCRC), to the Forum of International Trade Training (FITT), and the Financial Advisers Association of Canada (Advocis). As your career partner you can be assured that we can help you on your journey to success.\nOur innovation in education means that we can bring the classroom to you, wherever in the world you may be. We have reinvented traditional online learning by offering a live and interactive virtual classroom through award winning and cutting edge technology, whilst maintaining the same standard of excellence we require.\nOne of the things we are most proud of is being able to deliver quality education to the working professional. We recognize how hard it is to balance a work life with the pursuit of education and that is why we have designed programs with you in mind. With programs offered full-time, part-time, and in our virtual classrooms, you do not have to sacrifice your income or schedule.\nWhile you are the only person who can choose your career path, Ashton College is committed to give you the guidance and practical skills needed to start you on it.", "A company founded on arch support insoles.\nNew Balance has been earning a reputation for superior arch support since 1906, though most of today\u2019s New Balance fans wouldn\u2019t know it. The company first came to be when founder William J. Riley introduced a line of flexible arch supports that were intended to make footwear more comfortable while providing greater balance for the foot. Since then, New Balance has become synonymous with quality footwear and athletic excellence, branching out into shoes, sportswear, and all kinds of related accessories.\nInsoles were the beginning for New Balance, and they are still a major component of the business. Today\u2019s New Balance shoe inserts offer a wide range of features that will not only make your footwear fit more comfortably \u2013 they\u2019ll offer superior support, cushioning where it matters, and a new way to ensure the health of your feet no matter what activity has you moving.\nNew Balance makes orthotics for plantar fasciitis and insoles for metatarsalgia.\nNew Balance insoles provide fit and support while also ensuring comfort so that you are able to keep at it without sacrificing your feet. Their special comprehensive design promotes foot health and offers plantar fasciitis support to keep you pain-free. Find stability, shock absorption, comfort, and effective support in a New Balance insole \u2013 there\u2019s sure to be one that will work for you. And one more thing \u2013 all New Balance insoles are free of PVC and latex, so you can feel good about your purchase. You can learn more about each insole in the product\u2019s description, or get in touch with one of our customer support representatives if you\u2019d like a little bit of guidance.\nInsoles and Beyond offers a wide selection of these New Balance shoe inserts. Take a look at our selection to find the best insole for you, and if you have any questions, let us know! We are here to help.", "International TV production and distribution group Tinopolis has appointed Chris Brogden as Director of Content.\nChris will work with Tinopolis\u2019 production companies in the UK and US to develop a strong transatlantic production strategy and maximise opportunities in the international marketplace, with a particular focus on factual entertainment and entertainment programming. He will also work closely with distribution arm Passion Distribution to drive third party formats acquisitions and promote deeper collaboration with the group\u2019s US companies.\nBrogden joins Tinopolis from Studio Ramsay, where he has served as Chief Creative Officer for the last two years. Prior to that, he was Creative Director of Entertainment at Tinopolis and responsible for the development of entertainment formats across the portfolio.\nHe was also an Entertainment Commissioner at Sky, where his credits included Wild Things, Coldplay: Ghost Stories and Relatively Clever, and worked as an executive producer on shows including I\u2019m a Celebrity \u2026 Get Me Out of Here! for ITV, The Games for Channel 4, and Celebrity Big Brother for Endemol. Brogden will report to Tinopolis CEO Arwel Rees and takes up the role in January.\nThe Tinopolis Group is one of the largest television content suppliers in the UK and a producer of programmes for many of the top networks in the US. The group\u2019s portfolio of production companies includes global sports producer Sunset+Vine, Mentorn Media, Firecracker, Pioneer, Tinopolis Cymru, the recently launched Thunderclap Media, drama producers Daybreak Pictures and Fiction Factory, as well as A.Smith & Co and Magical Elves in the US. Tinopolis also has its own distribution arm, Passion Distribution.", "materials produced, and the global distribution of stone quarrying activities. As such, this work ...... 1.04E-05. 1.38E-05. Arsenic [Heavy metals to industrial soil].\nSan Rafael Rock Quarry. Amended Reclamation Plan and. Amended Surface Mining and Quarrying Permit. Combined Final Environmental Impact Report. Page.\nNature and Status of Site: The site lies within the Cornish Mining World ... once the highest producer of copper and arsenic in Devon and Cornwall and, indeed, .... The western part of the workings include a small but deep quarry with an.\nAug 16, 2013 ... The first mine to be ever recorded in the town was a marble quarry at ... Parr, the region also had an arsenic mine between 1908 and 1915.\ndevelopment is proposed near a quarry or mine that ..... As many dusts from quarrying and mining can be ... For example, arsenic is common in gold mining.\nmining or quarrying crushed and broken ... quarrying. \u2022. Flagstone mining. \u2022. Gabbro, dimension-quarrying. \u2022. Gneiss, dimension- .... Arsenic mineral mining.\ndistribution of inorganic arsenic species in groundwater and acid mine drainage samples: Environmental .... quarry wastes: Pit & Quarry, v. 8, no. 12, p. 30-33.\nThe production of arsenic was pioneered in Cornwall during the later .... workings there is a wealth of evidence pointing to the quarrying or mining of metals in.", "State inspectors for small vessels on the river Volga in Kirov District, Kazan on the area of the 'Vodozabor' garden association detected a gully with the area of 15 sq. meters. There was revealed the alleged release of waste water, a metal pipe with a diameter of 0.8 \u2013 1 meters at the center of the gully. This section of the river poses a potential danger to the health and life of people.\nToday, in honor of the 101st anniversary of the fire protection of the USSR, the leadership of The Main Department of EMERCOM of Russia in the Republic of Tatarstan and the Council of veterans of EMERCOM of RT honors its oldest employees. Special attention was awarded to the veteran of the great Patriotic war and fire protection Mikhail Efremovich Dolgov. On a visit to the 92-year-old pensioner with congratulations and gifts were granted by representatives of the Department of supervision and preventive work of The Main Department of EMERCOM of Russia in the Republic of Tatarstan and the Department of supervision of the Moscow region of Kazan.\nToday inspectors of SFS paid attention to families with children who are in a difficult life situation. Together with representatives of the Department of social protection, their places of residence were visited. Chief of Interdistrict Department of Supervisory activities and preventive work on Saby and Tyulyachi municipal districts Ainur Galimullin reminded households about the necessity of observance of requirements of fire safety.\nAccidents for April 16: Fire departments of SFS of Russia EMERCOM on RT departed by alert 68 times. Firefighters of the Republic eliminated \u2013 28 fires, of them in buildings (structures) of residential purpose and outbuildings \u2013 7 fires. No fatalities. 1 person was injured.", "Leeds United defender Matthew Pennington (5), on loan from Everton, applauds the fans during the EFL Sky Bet Championship match between Sheffield Wednesday and Leeds United at Hillsborough, Sheffield, England on 1 October 2017. Photo by Simon Davies.\nWigan Athletic are close to signing Everton defender Matthew Pennington on loan, according to journalist Alan Nixon on Twitter.\nThe Latics are hoping to get a number of transfer deals over the line before the window shuts. Pennington could be the first of a couple of new faces this week.\nPremier League side Everton are keen on Pennington to go and get some more first-team experience in the Championship. The 23-year-old spent time on loan at Leeds United last season and played 24 games for them.\nPennington joined Everton at the age of 11 and rose through the youth ranks at Goodison Park. He has gone onto play 9 games for their first-team in all competitions and has also gained experience of senior football during various loan spells away.\nThe centre-back has spent time on loan at Tranmere Rovers, Coventry City, Walsall and obviously Leeds but is now ready for his next loan stint with Wigan Athletic looking set to land him.\nThe Latics won the League One title in the last campaign and are hoping to stay in the Championship next season. Their manager, Paul Cook, has so far signed Leonardo Da Silva Lopes from Peterborough United, Kal Naismith from Portsmouth, Callum McManaman, Reece James from Chelsea and re-signed highly-rated goalkeeper Christian Walton on loan from Brighton and Hove Albion.\nThey are now looking to streghten their defence by landing Matthew Pennington on loan. He has a point to prove in the Championship and could turn out to be a shrewd signing by the Latics.", "The Top 14 on \u201cAmerican Idol\u201d took to the stage on Sunday April 14 to sing for your votes and avoid elimination on Monday\u2019s episode. We surveyed viewers about their favorites and have made predictions as to who will make the Top 10 based on these poll results.\nTwo contestants \u2014 Evelyn Cormier and Eddie Island \u2014 are all but certain to be eliminated on April 15 as neither registered any support in our poll. Wade Cota and Dimitrius Graham are also likely to be axed as each is at just 1%. If you haven\u2019t cast your ballot yet, be sure to do so at the bottom of this post.\nOf the other 10 singers, four others could be in serious trouble according to viewers: Uche, Alyssa Raghu and Riley Thompson are all at 2% while Ashley Hess has 3% of the total tally. And just outside the danger zone are Walker Burroughs with 5% and Laci Booth at 7%.\nConversely, four contestants seem certain to continue on in the competition to be crowned season 17 winner as each has double digit support: Jeremiah Harmon (10%), Laine Hardy (13%), Alejandro Aranda (25%) and Madison VanDerburg (30%). They are sure to number among the seven singers who Ryan Seacrest reveals are put through automatically to the Top 10.\nThe other seven contestants will sing for survival. The judges \u2014 \u2013 Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie \u2014 will decide on just three who get to move on in the competition with the other four sent packing. Who do you think is the best of the Top 14? Scroll down to review the songs that they sang on Sunday and then vote in our poll for your favorites.", "Sesa goa is a mid cap stock that many people follow and trade in. As Union Budget 2011-12 proposed raising the export duty on iron ore, the stock was dumped by investors. Here is the stock analysis of Sesa goa post budget.\nUnion Budget 2011-12 has proposed raising the export duty on iron ore to ad valorem 20% on lumps and fines. At present , lumps are taxed at 15% and fines at 5% on ad valorem basis.\nSesa Goa generates most of its net sales from iron ore exports (90%). Budget proposal would definitely increase company\u2019s export duty expenses. Comparing this to earlier numbers, esport duty expenses for Sesa Goa would be Rs.1,903cr for FY2012. EBITDA estimates for FY2012 would be at Rs.4,008cr.\nSesa Goa\u2019s iron ore sales volume growth is expected to remain at same levels in FY2012. Spot iron ore prices are rising steeply at present due to improved demand from China. It is safer to assume that the rising export duty expenses would be offset by rising iron ore prices. There are a few concerns in medium term like lumpiness in iron ore demand, big swings in the iron ore prices, logistical issues in Goa and stricter regulations being imposed by Indian government to protect country\u2019s natural resources.\nAt current price of Rs. 270, Sesa Goa stock trades at 1.8x FY2011 and 1.5x FY2012 estimates on P/BV basis. With estimated EPS of Rs.42 in FY2011 and Rs. 34 in FY 2012, the stock trades at forward P/E of 6.4 and 7.9 for FY11 and 12. If you value it at P/E of 10 which is reasonable, target price could be Rs.300-320 within one year time period. One may buy stocks of Sesa goa at dips for medium term.", "Yesterday\u2019s congested economic and political calendar was dominated by the latest chapter in the Brexit saga. EU leaders agreed to give the UK a flexible extension of up to a further five and a half months to get the deal ratified by parliament. Theresa May must now explain why she hasn\u2019t been able to secure Brexit. If the Prime Minister steps down, finding a replacement who can garner a majority in the House of Commons remains a big ask. The threat of a general election could prove unsettling for Sterling.\nYesterday, the European Central Bank\u2019s policy meeting revealed little new information. Growth forecasts for the Eurozone have been trimmed; the ECB\u2019s estimates for 2019 are now looking even more conservative than the International Monetary Fund\u2019s (IMF) recent revision. There\u2019s optimism that wage growth can offer some salvation, but this remains an evolving situation. The anticipated clarity of the bank lending facilities to support faltering EU banks was not discussed, leaving speculation in the breach. The Euro consequently remains vulnerable to economic data releases which have been disappointing in the core economies, potentially capping upside for the common currency.\nThere was a modest uptick in volatility for the Pound against the US Dollar yesterday ahead of the EU leaders\u2019 summit. The market had already priced in an extension, so there was little overall change for the pair on the day. Any developments regarding UK political risk such as a move towards a general election could provide further direction.\nThe EUR was sold during the Mario Draghi press conference and has opened higher this morning, but this is largely due to a continued pullback in the Dollar and rise in oil prices. There is little EU economic data for the remainder of the week so US price dynamics will most likely drive the pair.\nThe Pound has been trading sideways against the Euro since the start of the week, and there\u2019s little sign of any change here. The Pound is still vulnerable to Brexit news flow as the issue remains in the background\u2026 Albeit with less intensity.", "There's been a long-standing problem with closing channels within an SSH session due to an ambiguity in the SSH-2 specification about what happens to CHANNEL_REQUESTs that are outstanding at the point a channel is closed, and a consequent variance in behaviour among SSH implementations. This leads to a small probability of trouble each time a channel is closed when connected to certain servers, which shows up particularly when forwarding X connections or browser traffic.\nA discussion on the IETF SSH protocol implementers' list in April 2014 yielded a consensus (that channel closure cancels outstanding channel requests). As of this change (first released in 0.64), PuTTY implements and expects the consensus behaviour, and has a bug-compatibility mode 'Replies to channel requests after channel close' for servers that implement the other common behaviour (which detects OpenSSH prior to 6.7 automatically).\nIn versions of PuTTY prior to 0.63 (which implemented what is now the consensus behaviour), this confusion could lead to symptoms such as PuTTY closing connections with messages like \"Disconnected: Received SSH2_MSG_CHANNEL_FAILURE for nonexistent channel 257\" when connecting to servers like OpenSSH prior to 6.7.\nPuTTY's behaviour changed in 0.63, to what is now considered incorrect behaviour, in pursuit of half-closed; it held off sending CHANNEL_CLOSE itself until it had seen responses to all its outstanding channel requests. Unfortunately this could lead to hangs when talking to servers implementing what is now the consensus behaviour (such as Dropbear, which changed to this behaviour in 0.52 according to our notes).\nIn 0.64, PuTTY's behaviour reverted to what is now the consensus. While users should not see a regression with old OpenSSH due to the automatic bug detection, server implementations not covered by that detection may cause a recurrence of the \"nonexistent channel\" message, in which case you'll have to set the bug-compatibility setting manually.", "Before I ever became a social worker, I sat at the bedsides of nursing home residents hearing their stories, supporting their strengths, being present in their struggles and their celebrations of wisdom and experience.\nI guest lectured, then filled in to teach one class\u2026then another\u2026and another. I taught what I knew and learned what pedagogy worked through trial and error. My students taught me how to become a great teacher, a mentor of adults moving into their vocational paths.\nI wrote my first grant before I knew what that really was, or how the whole system of funded research really works. I put an idea on paper, and it was rejected. I received feedback and re-wrote it again and again and again. I learned the system. I finally found someone to take a risk and invested so that I could test an idea.\nTonight, I write my thoughts on a word, tied to a deeper meaning. I pull my life story into the understanding of how God moves in the world. I share a message, and pray for the words to land where they are most needed. I rediscover sacred texts and ponder meaning, existence, community, faith.\nIt isn\u2019t a future destination that defines who we are. It is unfolding into the experience of transformation in this present moment, allowing ourselves to be formed with each lesson, each experience, through formal education and life\u2019s serendipitous lessons. Like a painting we emerge, layer upon layer of color and nuance building upon each other. Even the artist must trust that the image will emerge.\nWe learn. We emerge. We become.\nThis entry was posted in Advent 2014 and tagged Advent, Art, career, development, emergence, faith, formation, journey, metaphor, photography, reflection, vocation. Bookmark the permalink.", "Wouldn't \"mount -o noatime,remount /tmp\" be just as effective, without having the weirdness of having the directory mounted in two different places with different settings? Remounting the whole filesystem without access time tracking ensures you don't accidentally modify anything.\nI can see potentially needing the bind mount trick on the pseudo-filesystems like /sys and /proc, but only if remounting them with noatime causes something to break, which I don't think would happen under normal circumstances, but haven't tested.\nIn the example above, I used /tmp as an example, but in the actual case I didn't want to make any other changes to the system, I wanted to get my timeline and my hashes (of the whole system) and get out. If I remount everything with noatime then I'm no longer getting any new access times if the bad guys are poking around elsewhere. I admit it is a bit of a hack, but it enabled me to get the evidence that I needed in order to justify taking the system down and rebuilding.\nSo, just to be clear... Mounting the SAN location read only still updates access times? I guess this would make sense, but just checking.\nAnother benefit of mount --bind, is you can mirror a section of the filesystem at a time. One of the lesser known features of mount points is the target directory doesn't have to be empty. So you might find left over files under mount points by binding to a new location. A common example is when people put /boot on a separate partition, but sometimes they forget to mount it before updating their boot loader, or kernel, so the files are left on their / partition. Also check /etc/fstab for tmpfs mount points, if there was ever a time that it wasn't using tmpfs, the old tmp files may still be there.", "Cruise line celebrates with a spectacular naming ceremony for Harmony of the Seas.\nTypically, the honor of being named the Godmother of a cruise ship is reserved for celebrities and royalty, but when selecting a Godmother for Harmony of the Seas, the world\u2019s largest cruise ship, Royal Caribbean flipped the script. After a six-week search\u2014where fans could submit their own nominations and vote for their favorite\u2014Brittany Affolter, from Teach For America Miami-Dade, was selected by the public and the cruise line for her life-changing work in education.\nBrittany pursued her career as a way to inspire children in the same way she had been during her early years. She\u2019s worked with Teach For America Miami-Dade since 2014 in Title 1 schools across the county, and trains teachers at 14 high-needs schools in Miami-Dade that serve more than 500 students. In her spare time, she tutors, is working to become a mentor for children in foster care, and is completing her masters degree in educational leadership.\nThe 23-year-old was recognized for her work in inspiring South Florida\u2019s next generation to dream big, think differently and challenge the status quo at an exclusive naming ceremony on board Harmony of the Seas, which just arrived in the U.S. to much fanfare. With more than 800 guests in attendance, Brittany blessed the ship and all those who sail on her by breaking a bottle of champagne on board\u2014a longtime maritime tradition. A fireworks show and performance by singer-songwriter and Miami native Jon Secada closed out the celebration.", "Fpfilters\u00ae is a Green power and technology company that deals in development of new technology in fuel section.\nAfter Kioto's protocol that is signed by the most industrial countries of the planet and deals with the reduction of enviroment pollution, the activities of our company focusing in develop and construct Fuel molecule organizing devices, that as well can separate and withhold water and dirt inside the device.\n- Greater energy per liter of fuel than the manufacturer.\n- Longevity of engine, combustion sensors and catalysators.\n- The emission of smoke in diesel EU2/EU3 engines reduced to 60%.\n- Reduce the noise of the engine during operation.\nNew standards in fuel filters.\n- 100% Retention of hard, soft pollutants in the fuel.\n- 100% retention of water in the fuel.\n- Transparency device for easy visual inspection of the degree of contamination in the fuel.\nEco. All Fpfilters\u00ae parts are 100% recycled.\nFpfilters\u00ae devices are patented with GR1004707 (valid until 27/2/2024) and EP1568879.\nSince 1974, Fpfilters\u00ae in order to achieve these goals, is doing research on fuel filters, fuel and their properties. So we can develop new technologies in using and reducing fuel consumption, emissions and water impoundments in the fuel and continues these investigations with a view to creating new innovative technologies.\nWhat will make you trust products that promise fuel economy?\nThis website and its content (text, images, trademarks, logos, etc) are properties of the FPFILTERS\u00ae company, and they are protected by the Greek and European laws by copyright. Partial or total copy, reproduce, selling, saving, downloading, translating, or any other modification is forbitten without first writen permission of Filippos Papavasiliou. Exceptionally, the individual printing and saving parts of the content in a personal computer for personal use is allowed, provided always that the source of origin.\nCopyright \u00a9 2019 Fpfilters. All Rights Reserved.", "The Paradise Seeds Sensi Star Strapback is a hemp baseball cap that comes with most a most excellent pedigree.\nThe Paradise Seeds Sensi Star Strapback is a hemp baseball cap that comes with most a most excellent pedigree (and a very discreet stash pocket!). We are super stoked to be working in collaboration with cult American apparel company, Grassroots California, to produce a limited edition range of quality caps to add to our clothing range.\nThis is definitely a cap you wear to stand out and be counted! You will be carrying around a lot of history on your head with this one! Sensi Star is the heavyweight champ from Paradise Seeds, a world famous indica that came to fame when it took the High Times and Highlife cannabis cups \u2013 both in the same year.\nMade of pearl hemp, this cap has a phat Sensi Star logo embroidery on the black front, with a cannabis leaf camo print design on the back of the cap. A quality cap that you can really feel, the Sensi Star edition also comes with the kind of sick details that Grassroots California have become so well respected for.\nAn embroidered 94 on the side. This is a magic number for us as it is the year that Paradise Seeds was born! On the opposite side of the cap, the collaboration between our two companies is marked by the Grassroots custom logo.\nThe leather strapback adjuster provides super comfort as well as practicality and the metal buckle is customized with our logo too.\nAvailable in one size (with the flexibility that comes from a strap-back adjuster).\nThe Sensi Star is one of three new limited edition caps produced for the Paradise Seeds clothing range by the USA hat and apparel brand Grassroots California. GRC is a well respected brand on the hemp and cannabis scene. Grassroots has a reputation for being a progressive clothing brand, working to support artists, creatives with a percentage of sales going towards good causes.", "Procrastination is sometimes just the fear of taking the next step. You think you\u2019re stuck until you realize you just haven\u2019t made the decision to move.\nThe steps of a man are established by the LORD, when he delights in his way.\nPride is not always conscious arrogance. Mostly it\u2019s subconscious self-sufficiency.\nIt\u2019s when we cease walking in our own strength that we follow Christ.\nAnd he said to all, \u201cIf anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me.\nDid you know that right at this very second you can have the greatest days of your life? This is where the excuses start pouring in.\nBrothers, that doubt is from darkness. Look to the Light of Christ & those old alibis that keep you shackled will shatter to your feet!\nYou are no accident. God created you with His intention for a very special purpose. Take charge and responsibility for your life and know the blessings that await.\nHave you found yourself in a season where what was once good, has dried up,and you look around asking God what happened? Maybe it\u2019s time to get up and move on like Elijah did.\nThere is a new season waiting to bless you and for you to bless others through your willingness to follow God\u2019s direction.\nGod placed two words on my heart for this year. Purposeful and Intentional. These words were meant to bless me by sharing them with you.\nWe naturally respond to situations through emotion and action. Often times, the outcomes aren\u2019t what we expected or wanted. Yet, we find ourselves unable to apologize, afraid of the consequences or just ashamed of what we\u2019ve done.\nAllowing a single breath to pause before we react, is part of living with intention. Taking the split second to consider the costs \u2013 good or bad, of what it is and who it is that might be hurt, will change your life forever.\nSupper convo - You got a recorder? Yeah! Play Hot Crossed Buns.", "Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at August 21, 2018 upload by rebeccarcahill in Sectional Sofa.\nBlue Sectional Sofa With Chaise. This awesome picture collections about Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise is available to save. We collect this best picture from online and select the top for you. Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise statue and pictures collection that published here was carefully selected and published by rebeccarcahill after selecting the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list ofbest image for your ideas and information purpose regarding the Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise as part of Rebeccarcahill.com exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise photos and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Regarding Pic description: Photo has been submitted by rebeccarcahill and has been tagged by blue sectional sofa with chaise in Sectional Sofa field. You are able to leave your thoughts as feed-back to our web page quality.\nHere you are at our website. in a minute we are pleased to declare we have found an incredibly interesting niche to be pointed out, namely Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise. Many people attempting to find specifics of Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise and definitely one of these is you, is not it?\nBlue Sectional Sofa With Chaise is high definition wallpaper and size this wallpaper is 500x500. You can make Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise For your Desktop image background, Tablet, Android or iPhone and another Smartphone device for free. To download and obtain the Blue Sectional Sofa With Chaise images by click the download button below to get multiple high-resversions.", "[Verbs + Prepositions] Collocation refers to a natural combination of words that are closely affiliated with each other\u2026 Learn common verb and preposition combinations in English that you should know.\nExample: Are you talking to me?\nExample: Little girls like to listen to lullabies at bed time.\nExample: Go and apologize your sister for what you said!\nExample: This book belongs to me.\nExample: What happen to you at the party?\nExample: A student who needs money turns to his parents.\nExample: She used to be lonely until she found Mr.Right.\nExample: hey, slow down & wait for her!\nExample: Are you looking for this book?\nExample: If you don\u2019t ask for it, you won\u2019t get it.\nExample: I am going to apply for a new job today.\nExample: Why do you always blame me for everything?\nExample: the mother is caring for her sick child.\nExample: He longs for the days when he used to have a job.\nExample: When shopping, he heads straight for the beer shelf.\nExample: When she smiles at me, I become dizzy.\nExample: Don\u2019t stare at me like that!\nExample: Aim at the target if you want to hit it.\nExample: Look at me! I\u2019m talking to you!\nWhy do you laugh at me?\nHe luckily recovers from a terrible accidence.\nIf you want to run your own business, you could borrow money from the bank.\nLuckily, I escape from a thief.\nI\u2019ve just graduated from university this year.\nI belong to people that wait for people that stare at people that escape from people like me!\nAre You Afraid of Adjective and Preposition Combinations?", "The following post addresses a topic of disability discrimination in New York \u2013 whether an extended leave of absence may be considered a reasonable accommodation under New York City Human Rights Law. In LaCourt v. Shenanigans Knits, Ltd., No. 102391/11 (N.Y. Sup. Ct., N.Y. Cty., Nov. 14, 2012), an employee informed her supervisor of her recent breast cancer diagnosis and decision to undergo a double mastectomy. Prior to her scheduled surgery date, the employee met with the company\u2019s president, who informed her that the company was discharging her because of the significant recovery time required for her surgery and the importance of her position. Employee filed suit, alleging disability discrimination in violation of the New York State Human Rights Law and the New York City Human Rights Law. The employer argued that the employee could not perform the essential functions of her job because she planned to be absent from work for more than three months. The court rejected this argument and held that the company ignored its legal obligation to consider a reasonable accommodation and to engage in the interactive process with the employee. While an employer is not required to hold a position open indefinitely, the Court held that a temporary leave of absence, even an extended leave, can be a reasonable accommodation. Because here, the employer did not engage in the interactive process at all and failed to establish that they would have suffered an undue hardship by granting the plaintiff a three-month leave of absence, the Court held that the employee had stated a valid cause of action under the New York City Human Rights law.\nIf you feel you are the victim of disability discrimination in New York, or have been unlawfully terminated, please contact us.", "BAE Systems Anti-Jam GPS antennas SAS for a broad array of platforms at AUSA 2012.\nGPS jammers are readily available and capable of overpowering satellite signals, leaving your forces blind and vulnerable. BAE Systems and Mayflower Communications have combined their excellence in adaptive antenna electronics and antenna design into a small, flexible and robust GPS anti-jam antenna called Small Antenna System (SAS). SAS provides cost effective anti-jamming capability for a broad array of platforms including rotary wing, maritime and ground combat vehicles.\nBAE Systems and Mayflower Communications have combined their excellence in adaptive antenna electronics and antenna design into a small, flexible and robust GPS anti-jam antenna called Small Antenna System (SAS).\nOriginally developed for UH-60 and AH-64 helicopters, its small size and rich feature set make it useful across a broad array of platforms.\nIn ground combat platforms, support platforms and fire support systems with integrated fire control systems it provides reliable and continuous position location information in GPS contested environments.\nFor helicopters, light aircraft and unmanned or autonomous platforms, it provides continuous GPS signals and is able to handle multiple, simultaneous jammers at different locations in a highly dynamic environment.\nFor Command and Control nodes with network management responsibilities or network timing dependent on GPS signals, it ensures that clean GPS timing signals are available when they are needed.\nThe system is a cost effective alternative to inertial navigation systems when systems must operate in GPS contested or denied environments. It provides the additional benefits of providing GPS time and assisting with co-site interference issues related to reconfiguration of operational platforms for new missions or the introduction of new capabilities. Finally, it can drive multiple GPS devices from a single antenna and provide all the benefits listed to all the devices it is connected to.", "Using the home movies of Sharanjit Singh Dhillonn capturing the life of his interracial family in Oklahoma, musician Zain Alam creates visual connections between the past and present in America.\nIn the Archives: Sharanjit Singh Dhillonn was born in 1923 in Karnal, in what is now the northern Indian state of Haryana. In 1955, Sharanjit came to the United States to pursue a master's degree at the University of Oklahoma. In 1958, Sharanjit met his future wife Dorothy, a fellow student two years his junior. Sharanjit and Dorothy were married in Norman, Oklahoma in 1959. Sharanjit was a great lover of film, which is why these unique home movies we're about to see exist today. They were donated to SAADA by Sharanjit's daughter Bibi Dhillonn.\nProject Overview: Using the 1959 home movies of Sharanjit Singh Dhillonn capturing the life of his interracial family in Oklahoma, musician Zain Alam creates visual connections between the past and present in America. His music is broken into stylistically distinct parts, each of which explores different aspects of the South Asian American experience across time.\nBackground on the Oak Creek Gurdwara Massacre: On August 5th, 2012, a white supremacist opened fire inside a gurdwara in Oak Creek, WI, killing six and wounding four. National vigils were held in response, in the U.S. and around the world. Since then, many other Sikhs and South Asians have been the victims of hate crimes in the U.S.\n\"Where We Belong: Artists in the Archive\" has been supported by the Pew Center for Arts & Heritage.", "Pac-man, Pac-man, Pac-man! Manny \u201cPac-Man\u201d Pacquiao did it again last night with a terrific win against Miguel Cotto, a legitimate welterweight who came into the fight with only one loss on his record.\nManny Pac has become one of my favorite fighters \u2026 I\u2019ve intently watched his victories \u2014 live in Vegas or on pay-per-view \u2014 over Dela Hoya, Hatton and now, Cotto. Next up, hopefully, will be one of the great matches of all-time \u2014 Pac-man vs Floyd Mayweather.\nMy all-time favorite boxers are Muhammad Ali and Sugar Ray Leonard. I didn\u2019t see many of Ali\u2019s great fights live, but I\u2019ve watched the them over and over on the \u201cClassic Fights\u201d episodes on TV. As for Sugar Ray, I watched many of his fights in the 80\u2019s, either on broadcast TV or pay-per-view. I loved both them for their style, heart and desire to win.\nWell, Pac-man has clearly joined these two all-time greats and I have now increased my list of favorite fighters to three. Manny started fighting at 102 pounds! His first championship was at 106 pounds. He\u2019s now won titles at 7 different weight classifications. That\u2019s a pretty remarkable feat.\nI love Manny\u2019s boxing skills \u2014 his quickness, his burning desire to win, his incredible fitness, his ability to close out a fight, etc. But, I also very much admire the great work he has done for the needy and deserving citizens in the Philippines. He\u2019s now being touted as the greatest Asian boxer of all-time.\nI hope he and Mayweather are able to hammer out the business terms \u2014 and look forward to witnessing an incredible championship boxing match some time in 2010.", "Researchers have designed a protein that can inhibit HIV infection by blocking the virus's entry into cells. This protective protein, known as 5-Helix, binds to a vulnerable region of an HIV coat protein called gp41, thus preventing the virus from fusing with membrane of the cell it is attacking and infecting it. What's more, 5-Helix appears to effectively thwart a wide range of HIV strains. As such, it may serve as the basis for developing a new class of anti-HIV drugs. Alternatively it could be used in prophylactic treatments (say, after an accidental needle prick in a hospital), or perhaps as a vaccine. A team led by Peter S. Kim of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research describe their discovery in a report that appears today in Science.\nKim and his colleagues have been investigating gp41 for years, knowing that this HIV protein plays a critical role in enabling the virus to fuse its membrane with that of its target cell. With that in mind, they fashioned 5-Helix, which binds to specifically and tightly to gp41. Another so-called entry inhibitor, T-20, showed promise, but large quantities were required to achieve positive results in patients. 5-Helix, in contrast, seems effective even in low concentrations. The new protein may even pave the way to combating other viruses like Ebola, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV) and the flu--all of which employ a fusion strategy similar to that of HIV.\nHaving determined that 5-Helix inhibits HIV in cell culture, researchers must now ascertain whether it works in an animal model. If so, they could then begin to develop it for humans. \"Current therapy is working,\" Kim observes, \"but sexual transmission of virus that is resistant to treatment has been documented, making it important to continue to find new targets and therapies for stopping HIV.\"", "Can anyone help me? Our farmer has just taken his horse Ed to a riding school as he is 'not being worked'.\nThis is true as he panics when I take...Can anyone help me? Our farmer has just taken his horse Ed to a riding school as he is 'not being worked'.\nThis is true as he panics when I take Chelsea, my TB mare, away from him and friends are not always available to hack out the same time as me.\nShe is now looking for him and calling and I'm really upset. What is the best way to help her?\nSorry to hear this and it's a really difficult one. As herd animals horses aren't happy kept on their own. Would the farmer mind if you advertise for someone looking for livery so she has a companion? Round our way there are always people looking.\nMy mum had a similar problem with her horse, he got very attached to the mare he lived with and would go mad if she went anywhere without him. We got a little Shetland pony to keep him company and that works really well!\nFirst Time with water. What experiences have you had with your horse and water?\nMagic got scared when I tried to ride him in the river then the best thing ever happened.\nHaha most of ours love a good splash. It's quite an ask when it's still and reflective so she did the right thing splashing it herself! One of my mares will happily walk through streams but hates puddles because I suppose to a horse they look like dark holes.\nTopics covered: social behaviour, communication, the senses, how horses learn, abnormal behaviour, maintenance behaviour, reproductive behaviour, horse welfare, feeding behaviour and digestion and evolution.", "The 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan offers innovative safety features that boost a protective drive near Barrington. Luckily, Zeigler Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram of Schaumburg provides a stellar selection of Grand Caravan minivans that you and your family can test for yourself. Protective features like first, second, and third-row curtain airbags and Electronic Stability Control make the minivan model a fine example of safety in its class. Learn all about the safeguards and optional features the 2019 Grand Caravan has in place so you can focus on enjoying your daily commute.\nActive Head Restraints: front passenger and driver head restraints move if there\u2019s a collision in the back of the vehicle.\nInnovative Multistage Front Airbags: These seven airbags throughout the cabin have technological sensors that inflate in different stages depending on the severity of impact to the vehicle.\nCurtain Airbags: Located in the front, middle, and back rows of the interior, these airbags deploy on the sides of the row seating to lessen the impact during an accident.\nKnee-Bolster Airbag: Located on the driver side, this airbag deploys when a collision occurs to position the driver so that they\u2019re protected from the impact.\nIncidentally, the 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan also has crumple zones in the front and back bumpers to lessen the blow of a collision should one occur. The NHTSA gives the Grand Caravan 5 out of 5 stars for side-impact crashes and an overall high 4 out of 5 rating for safety within its class.\nThe 2019 Dodge Grand Caravan is a powerhouse of protection and available for a test drive at Zeigler Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram of Schaumburg. Once you\u2019ve reviewed our current inventory of new Grand Caravans, stop by our showroom and we\u2019ll help you begin your minivan buying process. Apply for financing before you come in to get one step closer to your new vehicle.", "A healthy, refreshing treat inspired by Disney\u2019s famed Dole Whip.\nIf you went to Disneyland as a child, you probably tried the Disney Dole Whip, a soft-serve dessert with a cult following. Today, we\u2019re making the addictively sweet treat dairy-free. No need to queue up for it in Disneyland!\nAll you need is a blender, a few ingredients and five minutes of active hands-on time. After chilling your mixture in the fridge for a few hours, swirl it into glasses using a piping bag and enjoy!\nTo start, blend coconut milk, cashews, melted coconut oil and lemon juice until you get a smooth mixture. Add in frozen pineapple chunks and blend for a few minutes until you have a thick, pale yellow mixture. Place the mixture in the refrigerator for an hour to let it solidify. Transfer the mixture into a piping bag with a star tip and pipe it out evenly between two glasses. Garnish with fresh pineapple, and enjoy!\nTip: Make sure to blend the mixture very well before chilling \u2013 taste it to check if there are any chunks. If there are, blend some more. This is to prevent the mixture from getting stuck in the star tip when you pipe it out.\nCombine the coconut milk, cashews, lemon juice, and melted coconut oil in your blender and blend until you get a smooth mixture. Add the frozen pineapple chunks and blend for a few minutes until you get a creamy, pale yellow mixture.\nTransfer the mixture to an airtight container in the refrigerator for an hour, then transfer it to a piping bag with a star tip.\nDivide evenly between two glasses, garnish with a slice of fresh pineapple, and serve.", "We love building WordPress websites!\nWordPress is one of the most popular web development platforms used today. Even if you don\u2019t know what a WordPress website is, chances are you\u2019ve seen one. WordPress makes it easy to create and manage the content for business or personal websites. Our WordPress development team can work with you to develop a WordPress website that works best for your business, so you can thrive in the digital world. See below to learn more about the WordPress design & development services offered by our local Austin, TX WordPress development & design agency.\nOne great advantage of using WordPress is it is user-friendly, intuitive and easy to learn. With WordPress, updating content and adding new pages, images or blog posts can be done quickly.\nFlexibility is a key feature of WordPress. Whether you are building an e-commerce site or setting up a blog, WordPress can meet virtually all your needs.\nDo you have a team keeping your website running? As an administrator of a WordPress site, you can establish multiple users and assign different roles to different individuals.\nWith maturity comes power. As WordPress is more than 10 years old, it has been tested, refined and enhanced to become a world-class publishing system.\nAbout one-third of all websites on the Internet use WordPress. From large organizations to smaller businesses seeking to level the playing field to compete, WordPress provides an easy-to-use option to drive business forward.\nWordPress is an open-source platform in that no one owns it. While open-source was once considered a disadvantage to WordPress sites, it has now become an advantage. With a community of thousands of developers across the world working around-the-clock on improvements to WordPress, you reap the benefits with regular security and feature updates.\nWhile WordPress provides a powerful option for small businesses, many big brands have tapped into the power of WordPress. Companies like Sony, Mercedes-Benz, Harvard University and Reuters are using WordPress.\nWith the popularity of WordPress, there is no question that it is a regular target for hackers. WordPress takes the security of its users very seriously and constantly updates its software to prevent potential threats.", "We\u2019re Looking For Local Lombard IL House Finders \u2013 Earn Good Money \u2013 Join Our House Finders Program FREE Below Today!\nHi! Here at Kendall Partners Ltd we\u2019re looking for people locally here in Lombard (and surrounding areas of IL) who can help us find houses that we can buy from home owners who need to sell.\nWho Is Kendall Partners Ltd And What Is Our \u201cHouse Finders Fee\u201d Program?\nOver the years we\u2019ve developed a great system for helping those homeowners in distress out of that situation through our local Lombard House Buyer Program. In addition, one of our missions is to beautify Lombard one neighborhood at a time by fixing up properties and getting great home owners into them.\nThis is where we need your help (and how you can earn up to $5k per month\u2026 if you hustle) finding houses that fit what we\u2019re looking for here in the Lombard area and surrounding areas\u2026 and sending them our way in our House Finders Cash Incentive Program (some people call it a \u201cBird Dog Program\u201d).\nJoin our Lombard House Finders Program below and send us the details\u2026 we\u2019ll take it from there.\nAfter you join our Lombard Area House Finders Program (for FREE on this site) we\u2019ll train you on exactly what to look for and how to submit the properties to us.\nI am very happy to recommend Kendall Partners Ltd. to anyone involved in real estate transactions. Jeff and Kevin were very professional and were able to handle our home sale efficiently and effectively. My wife and I needed a quick sale of our home to make possible a life transition. I was absolutely astounded at how quickly Kendall Partners Ltd. was able to accomplish this sale. They offered us a very fair price for our home, and from beginning negotiations to closing was in 10 days! I\u2019ve never heard of anyone closing a house so quickly. Kendall Partners Ltd made our transition not only possible, but smooth and easy. Jeff and Kevin are men with integrity, and I heartily recommend them to anyone with a real estate need.", "Sony India has launched Xperia M5 smartphone targeting young Indian consumers.The device focuses on the importance of camera capabilities which is very demanding now a days because of selfie trend among the people.Xperia M5 features Sony\u2019s design with the OmniBalance style in a sleek glass finish on both sides. It is also designed for durability with stainless steel corners to protect against bumps.\nIt has an 21.5 MP rear camera,5x Clear Image Zoom allows you to get close without losing any quality. With a 0.25-second Hybrid autofocus, The new Hybrid AF technology packs in both Phase Detection AF and Contrast Detection AF.It can capture videos in 4K.Xperia M5 has a powerful 13 MP front-facing \u2018selfie cam\u2019, which also comes with integrated autofocus and Full-HD video recording.\nIt has a sharp, bright and vivid 5\u201d Full HD display.Xperia M5 is also waterproof and dust-tight, with a capless USB port for added convenience and easy charging.\nXperia M5 integrates a 2,600 mAh battery, An 64-bit 2.0 GHz Octa-core processor powered by MediaTekHelio X10 with 3GB RAM provides performance and speed to optimise your battery life.\nXperia M5 also has an expandable memory with up to 200 GB uSD card and the device is available in the Dual SIM variant in India.\nXperia M5 will be available at Sony Centers, Sony Smartphone Lounges and all leading retail outlets across India at the pricing of Rs 37,990.", "Holomua Na Ohana is a non-profit organization that helps homeless families. We operate two clean and sober transitional housing programs. At Weinberg Village Waimanalo, we have 30 families in our two year program (currently there are 77 children here.) We have been open for 22 years and have helped over 500 families get on their feet and become self-sufficient and permanently housed.\nOur shelter is funded through a grant from the State of Hawaii's Homeless Program Office. Our clients also pay program fees like a small rent each month. We also accept donations but don't usually get money which we desperately need to continue operating. Costs for utilities have skyrocketed in recent years and we are struggling to make ends meet.\nOne of the components of the program is that the adults attend classes on various topics from money management, budgeting, nutrition, health related topics, parenting, support groups, legal services and a variety of other topics. We have never had to pay for the classes as they are provided by other non-profit organizations who have grants to provide these services, until now. Each Head of Household is required to attend at least two case management meetings each month to create Social Service Plans which are goals to help them plan their futures and stay on track. All adults are required to work or go to school while here. We also have community activities and events for the residents. The goal is build self-esteem, secure a good job, become self-sufficient and move into permanent housing so ultimately, they never become homeless again.\nOur families are in extreme poverty and can benefit from parenting and life skills classes. We want to partner with PARENTS, Inc who will teach these classes but they do not have the needed grant money to do it at this time. We humbly request this funding to pay for two series of classed provided by our partner agency.\nThe Village is an awesome place to start a new life!", "Pok\u00e9 Meadows has now officially launched!!\nAbout us: We are back with all the Pok\u00e9-Goodness which we had before along with a lot more interesting and entertaining aspects to the server including Wondertrade, EVs/IVs, Player Gyms, Weekly Events and much more! Here at Poke Meadows we aim to create the best Server experience and the best Pixelmon experience we can possibly provide! We run Poke Meadows at a professional standard and aim to please every new user that joins our server!\nWhat do we have to offer: Here at Poke Meadows we focus on our Players, we are highly rated for our Staff team and are constantly online and here to help everyone out and create a warm experience for all! Unlike many other Servers we also have Legendaries enabled, this means you don't have to donate for a Legendary you can find one in the wild! We have a various range of different plugins to enhance your experience here at Poke Meadows. We also update our plugins weekly - monthly this means you will always have something new to do here at Poke Meadows!\nEvents: We host events every day or every two days! These can range from Quizes to Hide and Seek to even mini-tournaments! Competing in these Events can win you some amazing prizes including Items, Shinies even Legendaries!\nGyms: We have multiple Gyms available for any player to battle! These are Player Gyms, so you can talk and interact with the Gym Leaders whenever you like! Why do we have this? We have Player Gym Leaders because in our opinion it creates a better experience for everyone and creates a more immersive playthrough.\nFeatures we have on Poke Meadows: Wontertrade, PokeDex, Global Trade System, Daycare, Tournaments, Events, Poke Hunts and much more!", "Last month, we got the announcement for the next major expansion for The Elder Scrolls Online. Summerset releases this June on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC so the developers were nice enough to release this video to get us excited! This video shows players new areas such as beautiful coastlines and gorgeous elven cities, as well as giving us a look at new enemy types and NPCs. Early access for Summerset on PC/Mac on May 21st and you can pre-order the game to get access to plenty of unique digital rewards. Check out the trailer above and read up on some information for Summerset below!\n\u201d Last month, Bethesda Softworks announced Summerset, the next chapter in ZeniMax Online Studios\u2019 award-winning open-world saga, The Elder Scrolls Online (ESO), and today, we\u2019ve released a new gameplay video that takes players on a tour of this majestic and mysterious land. In ESO: Summerset, players will explore the home of the High Elves for the first time since 1994\u2019s The Elder Scrolls: Arena and discover an all-new land rich with exciting adventures, ominous shadows, and stunning locations in a zone larger than any Chapter before.\nWith an epic main story, new abilities, returning villains, and a whole lot more, ESO: Summerset is an adventure not to be missed. For the first time in history, the Isle of Summerset is opened to the outside world by the decree of Queen Ayrenn. Newcomers can explore lush forest, tropical lagoons, and ancient coral caves in this new zone that expands further than even that of Vvardenfell from last year\u2019s Morrowind chapter. Seek out the mysterious Psijic Order, a secret society of mages on the island of Atraeum, for a new skill line and powerful abilities.", "Check us out at the Antigo Gun Show ~ Antigo Ice Arena ~ April 5th, 6th, & 7th.\nSay hello at the Waukesha Easter Gun Show ~ Waukesha County Expo Center ~ April 19th & 20th.\nScotsman Arms now has complete rifles, complete uppers, complete lowers, stripped lowers, bolt carrier groups and a variety of parts in stock and ready to go. We have upgraded our supply chain so the products and prices on this site are not accurate. Please call or email for up-to-date product information, pricing, and availability.\nAt Scotsman Arms, It's All About You!\nOur goal is to build you the best quality rifle and/or supply you with the best quality parts for your application and give you the best value for your money. Scotsman Arms buys all its parts from only the highest quality manufacturers; manufacturers like Tactical Machining, Aero Precision, Faxon Firearms, Midwest Industries, Magpul, and Central Missouri Machine Gun (CMMG) in order to provide you with the highest quality custom rifle possible. If you can find a better quality product at a better price, let us know. We will buy their stuff!!! To learn more about what this means, click on the It's All About You! page.\nScotsman Arms individually inspects each and every part and hand assembles each rifle, barreled upper, and lower assembly. After completion, every rifle, upper assembly, and lower assembly is individually function tested to ensure only the highest accuracy, durability, and reliability are delivered to you! We go the extra mile to make sure you get a product that meets your standards.", "Who needs unicorn pool floats anyway?\nTaylor Swift is in the midst of her worldwide Reputation tour, so she wasn\u2019t able to throw her epic 4th of July bash this year; however, she still seems to have made the most of it by taking a mid-tour break with her boyfriend, British actor Joe Alwyn, on a beautiful sunny beach.\nTay and Joe were spotted hanging out on the beach in Turks and Caicos over the 4th of July holiday, looking happy and relaxed as they swam in the turquoise waters. She wore a patriotic swimsuit in her signature high-waisted cut, which was very reminiscent of Red-era Taylor. But though the small party lacked previous Taylor props such as giant water slides and unicorn pool floats, Taylor easily found an alternative. In several photos, she appeared to be clinging to Joe's back, turning him into a human ocean toy. Fun!\nWhile Tay and Joe have kept their relationship relatively quiet since it reportedly began in late 2016/early 2017last year, they have been spotted together several times. There are even potential references to Joe in a few of Taylor\u2019s Reputation-era videos, which shouldn\u2019t surprise Swifties one bit: Taylor loves to hide secret messages for fans to find. Meanwhile, Joe has also attended a few Reputation tour stops, with Taylor even pointing him out to the crowd when she performed \u201cGorgeous.\"\nWhile we\u2019re a little bummed there was no celebration at her house in Rhode Island (she skipped last year too), we can\u2019t deny that Taylor looked happy to be with Joe on a quiet tropical island this year \u2014 even without the inflatable pool toys.", "\u201cA new frontier in single-molecule detection: polypeptides in nanopore sensors\", a lecture by David P. Hoogerheide of the National Institute of Standards and Technology was a part of a Physics Colloquium organized by the Department of Physics in the J. William Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences. It was held on March 9 2018, between 4 and 5 PM in PHYS 133.\nThe discussion pointed out the motion of charged biomolecules across membranes and its potential impacts on technology, biology, medicine as well as on the biophysics and physical chemistry of biomolecule/membrane association. In technology, the DNA motion through nanopores is a vital mechanism for nanopore-based sequencing technologies.\nIn the medical field, movement of native proteins across membranes is extremely important for normal cellular operations, while therapeutic peptides can be engineered to identify and penetrate diseased cells. In a more basic view, a thin pore is the easiest way to confine a single polymer. The next phase in nanopore-based detection is the investigation of heterogeneously charged molecules such as block copolymers or polypeptides.\nIn his lecture, David P. Hoogerheide illustrated the advantages of a heterogeneously charged polypeptide and how it can be used to experimentally view translocation success at the single-molecule level. The experimental results are to be matched with simple stochastic dynamical models. This will lead to exploring new approaches for studying polypeptides with nanopores, discovering new tools for predictive modeling of experimental observations, and finding a new assay to examine the binding of polypeptides to lipid membranes on the single-molecule level.", "battery operated turntable 5 inch powered.\nbattery operated turntable 7 8 r min powered rotating rotary display stand microwave.\nbattery operated turntable c powered microwave.\nbattery operated turntable 8 inch powered felt top moving rotary rotating display stand for jewelry mobile phone.\nbattery operated turntable turntables for displays.\nbattery operated turntable electric speedway sets both comprise printed wooden base with rotating best powered.\nbattery operated turntable display uk.\nbattery operated turntable rotating electric or mirrored small.\nbattery operated turntable larger photo turntables for displays.\nbattery operated turntable solar powered display stand rotating phone jewelry silver color 1 pos.\nbattery operated turntable accessories parts and display motorized electric rotating powered cake.\nbattery operated turntable with 3 revolving platforms powered turntables jewelry.\nbattery operated turntable rotating display stand best powered.\nbattery operated turntable buy the pro m black with co display powered.\nbattery operated turntable messenger portable powered turntables jewelry.\nbattery operated turntable crosley powered.\nbattery operated turntable rotating display stand black uk.\nbattery operated turntable 3 speed record player main product image small powered.\nbattery operated turntable with top lb capacity reviews best powered.\nbattery operated turntable powered pos display.\nbattery operated turntable revolving small powered.\nbattery operated turntable best powered.\nbattery operated turntable three speed powered microwave.\nbattery operated turntable mirror topped 8 powered pos display.\nbattery operated turntable the most convenient way to digitize your vinyl for cakes.\nbattery operated turntable portable rechargeable powered w built in speakers turntables for displays.\nbattery operated turntable trumpeter round mirrored display for model kits turntables displays.", "There\u2019s some new terrain in town, and if you\u2019re an expert skier \u2013 listen up: Whale\u2019s Tail and Peak 7 Bowl are now open! If you\u2019re looking for some fun, double black diamond terrain, Whale\u2019s Tale and Peak 7 Bowl are the place to be.\nIf you\u2019re anything like us, your New Year\u2019s resolution may include exploring new terrain, or re-visiting some of your favorite Breck spots. You may want to include conquering these steeps on your resolutions list, if even just for good measure! There\u2019s still more terrain openings on the way, so stay tuned as we announce even more.\nWhale\u2019s Tale, just off the Peak 8 summit, features high alpine terrain and amazing views everywhere you look. And as you\u2019re above tree line while making tracks in the Peak 7 Bowl, you\u2019ll feel like you\u2019re on the top of the world.\nHighs are in the 30s today with mostly sunny skies at Breckenridge ski resort \u2013 the perfect mix of conditions for a big day on the mountain. There\u2019s over 2,200 skiable acres open, and with the new terrain openings at Whale\u2019s Tail and Peak 7 bowls, there\u2019s even more to explore.\nAfter your epic day on the mountain, celebrate the completion of your New Year\u2019s resolution at T-Bar at the base of Peak 8. There\u2019s no better way to end the day than at one of Breckenridge Ski Resort\u2019s fun bars.\nNow that you\u2019ve conquered these steeps, are you ready to take it to the next level? The Breck Guides program will teach you what you need to know about high alpine travel, avalanche awareness, and avalanche rescue. Your own personal guide will cater to your needs and leave you more confident in your mountain expeditions. It\u2019s a great way to learn from the best of the best!\nWith the new, high alpine openings, it is wise to be aware of natural objects in the snow and to always obey posted signs.", "So this Monday I attended Bloggers Fashion Week in the very funky OXO Tower Wharf. The Bloggers Hangout hosted the event, and I must say they did a fabulous job. Snapchat stories we being made left right and centre, photos were being snapped and numbers exchanged. The place buzzed with excited bloggers and a great variety of beauty, fashion, and accessory brands.\nI attended the event with my friend Rahul and LA fashionista Ella (The Style Get Up) who recently moved to London. Me and Ella met via YouTube a while back, so it was lovely having the opp to meet and have a giggle in the flesh!\nI adore going to meet ups, gigs, and any kind of creative social event. I feel like there's something very contagious and inspiring about being around passionate people - whether it's to do with food, music, fashion or faith. As amazing as it is to try different products, I honestly get more excited listening to the stories behind them, learning about the brands, and meeting brand new faces.\nThere also was a DJ set + a cocktail bar serving yummy sweet inspired drinks!\nAll in all, I had a good ol' time. I shot some clips during the day, so I'll be putting a video together for my YouTube channel soon. In the mean time you can check out my Instagram (@joymumfs) to see what I've been getting up to on inbetweenish days!\nI'm currently cat sitting a ginger cat called Gizmo who is the perfect lounge-around-and-do-nothing partner. What are you up to today?\nThe photos are really amazing , it looks like you really enjoyed yourself . Thanks for sharing this moment with us.", "Relaxation is my topic of today's beauty post for this week is regarding, these beautiful set of candles which are perfect for your home or bathroom (who ladies like to create that bubble bath and relaxation moment).\nThe Candles come in beautiful dishes to bowls from classic artistic green bowls to colourful glass candle sets. See more of the sets here. These Candle sets come for the perfect present if your celebrating mother\u2019s day or simply it\u2019s your mums or friends birthday. I would recommend their Gem of a Women Scarf & Candle Set which is \u00a354. The Gem of a Woman set comes with a uniquely scalloped bowl candle and a fair trade summer scarf, both made by underprivileged women from around the globe. Or if you\u2019re someone who likes lovely patterned tins or candles in tins I would recommend their Franjipani tea tin candle set which is hand-painted by artisans in Kashmir and available in three tea-inspired scents. (They are both beautiful in their own way).\nApart from Candles they also offer reasonable priced Bath & Spa sets which are filled with one of their candles, natural bath salts with essential oils, face and body soap, organic tea which comes in one of their handmade Rwandan baskets. These baskets are perfect for your mum, friends, partner, or even a little a gift to say thank you. The bath & Spa sets are varied on relaxation subject and a sense of wellbeing you\u2019ll have to choose wisely. Or if you\u2019re after something yummy their gourmet range offers chocolate, tea, coffee, and baking kits with their feature of the appropriate candle in gift sets. If the receiver is not a fan of candles you add a more personal touch with present you give them with their personalised range which features jewellery, totes, to homeware.\nThese products are the perfect way to say thank you and suited to all occasions whilst, remembering with every candle purchase Propersity Candle is able to grow our impact and help additional women participate in a rising tide of prosperity.", "Sponsor a Child this Holiday Season!\nMujeres Latinas en Acci\u00f3n provides a variety of structured activities during non-school hours for children and teens and we need your help to make this holiday season special by supporting our Annual Holiday Party for kids.\nThe Annual Holiday Party provides the children in our Youth Programs with holiday gifts of winter clothing and accessories, games, sports equipment and books. Many of the children in our programs only receive gifts from Mujeres during this holiday season. The youth and children served in our programs are 100% low income and live in the Pilsen/Little Village area. The majority attends public schools and qualifies for free or reduced meals.\nGifts for the participants of our Youth Programs will provide resources so that families can take part in a cultural tradition with laughter, fun and memories. Parents will appreciate that they have been able to access resources that provide gifts for their children. Further, the festive celebration will be a moment of immense excitement for all. Children and youth will enjoy receiving gifts as recognition of their hard work in the program.\nSponsor a child in the Peace or Proyecto Juventud program for the holiday season!\n\u2022 Distribute this information to others! Encourage your friends, family and coworkers to sponsor a child this holiday season or make a donation to Mujeres Latinas en Acci\u00f3n.\nFor more information on how to sponsor a child or make a donation, please contact Alba G\u00f3mez at alba@mujereslat.org or 773/890-7664, or Linda Tortolero at tortolero@mujereslat.org or 773/890-7663.\nMy family has received our wish list and the deadline for delivering gifts is December 11, 2009. So hurry up and drop Alba or Linda a line and make a kid's holiday. And for the Humbugs out there, the boy's wish list we received had items like gloves, sweaters and a coat on it. Nothing outrageous like a DS...Not that there's anything wrong with kid's wanting that.", "Office upgrade for Intel Mac...?\nDiscussion in 'Mac Pro' started by marchcapital, Aug 5, 2006.\nIve been using my G4 MS Office software on my MaBook but it drives me crazy that everything i do is delayed. I only have 1GB of RAM at the moment but its no excuse for all the delays. Is there an upgrade I can purchase that converts it to run smoothley on an intel Mac?\nThere's no universal binary upgrade availabe yet. Microsoft has committed to developing one but it is not out yet. You could try Neo Office. It's a universal binary and is based on OpenOffice.\nill take a look at that...good to here bill is planning to upgrade.\nGod knows when Microcrap will release a universal binary for MAC.\nYou better off waiting for the new Virtualization software that should be coming out in the next few months. That should let you run native Windows Apps in OS X. Then Word, Office, etc... will run nicely.\nI suppose that would work but I prefer to run my software as navite OS X apps.\nDoes anyone know of a Email software that has the same features as Entourage for Mac and Outlook for Windows? Like an open source software for example, other then Thunderbird.\nMicrosoft are not releasing a universal binary update for any current release of Office v.X you will need to buy the next version they release.\nQ. Will you re-release Office 2004 for Intel-based Macs?\nA. No. There are no plans to re-release Office 2004. With Rosetta, Office 2004 runs well on Intel-based Macs.\nQ. Will the next version of Office run on both PowerPC-based Macs and Intel-based Macs?\nA. Yes. The next version of Office for Mac will be a Universal application. Universal applications will run on PowerPC-based Macs and Intel-based Macs without the need for Rosetta.", "**This was written as a class assignment for Science Writing I at UC Extension. Explain how something works. 250 words maximum.\nBob Ross, while painting his famous landscapes, often says \u201cthere are no mistakes, only happy accidents.\u201d He\u2019s clearly talking about more than just art \u2014 he\u2019s giving life advice. The mantra could also be applied to beer, though unlike a stray brushstroke, off-flavors are sometimes impossible to blend out. Yet that\u2019s likely how sour beer got its start, as an accident. Early brewers used open vessels and no sterilization, so acid-causing bacteria was easily introduced.\nBeer begins as water and crushed malted barley. The resulting sugary liquid extract, called wort, is then boiled. Bacteria can flourish once the wort cools if the next step, adding hops and boiling the mixture again, isn\u2019t undertaken quickly. One type of bacteria, called lactobacillus, is now intentionally added to wort by some brewers to create a sour or tart flavor. It converts sugars into lactic acid, which also gives yogurt its tang.\nAnother way to produce sour beers is through the use of the yeast Brettanomyces, which produces acid as it ferments. Many breweries are hesitant to use so-called Brett because it can get loose and infest other vessels and beers. There have been instances of breweries having to close for weeks to properly disinfect their equipment after an outbreak of Brett.\nBacteria is easily killed once the beer reaches its target tartness by simply continuing the brewing process \u2014 adding hops, boiling (killing the bacteria), cooling, and then adding yeast.\nCheers to cheek-puckering brew! And Bob Ross, for the affirmation.", "\"I can talk to dead people!\" Remember this famous quote from the classic movie \u201cSixth Sense?\u201d I have many clients ask how I communicate with spirits on the other side. It\u2019s not a special gift - anyone can do it. It simply comes down to trusting and believing in yourself. The key is practice! Sit in a quiet room, close your eyes and simply ask a question, any question. The first answer to come to you is the correct one; don\u2019t doubt it, go with it. The more you practice the more you will start to notice different responses. For example, you may recognise the tone of the answer to be different to your tone, or there may be a common word repeated in the response from spirit.\nWhat makes you truly happy? Materialism means an inclination towards acquiring material possessions and comforts; it\u2019s a tendency to lead a life in which pleasures of the body are given preference above anything else. Spirituality means, centred and established on the soul. Activities in life are decided keeping in mind the awakening of the soul. The essence of spirituality is the search to know our real self, to discover the true nature of consciousness.\nBoth materialism and spiritualism are seeking happiness. Spirituality seeks happiness within, materialism seeks happiness without. Spirituality teaches us to aspire for a better life, a more illumined life. Materialism teaches us to desire more material goods and material wealth. Spirituality teaches us to love our fellow man. Materialism teaches us to love our material wealth.\nWhich is Ideal for You? A Psychic or Mediumship Reading?\nWhat style of reading is ideal for you? There are different types of readings available from psychics but the two most popular are psychic / clairvoyant and mediumship readings.\nPsychic / Clairvoyant readings focus on your past, present and future. I use Psychic Tarot Cards that are very clear and popular with psychic mediums.", "It\u2019s formed a list of the largest and potentially interesting for investment objects of state real estate, which offered for sale The list is based on proposals from the government and executive committees of Belarus.\nSale. Holiday hotel Saltykovka. REPRESENTATIVE, STATUS PROPERTY COMPLEX, 5 KM FROM MOSCOW. Individual project, the famous old-fashioned place Saltykovka Sale of property complex owned by JSC \"Naftan\" is carried out by organizing and holding an auction. As part of Lot: 5 real estate objects, 2 land plots, yard constructions, movable property (equipment, furniture, household equipment). The starting price is 280 199 934.79 Russian rubles without VAT.\nCJSC \"Otdih-2010\", which carries out activities for the organization of leisure and entertainment, is looking for investors. The recreation center is located 25 km from the Minsk ring road in a picturesque forest place in Smolevichi district near village Volma By the decision of the general meeting of shareholders No. 31 of 24.03.2017 CJSC \"Otdih-2010\" (the legal address: Minsk region, Smolevichsky district, village. Volma, children's health camp \"Zarya\") announces the study of the demand for the acquisition of shares of the company.\nInvestment activity in the Republic of Belarus General legal conditions of performance of investment activity in Belarus are determined by the Investment Code of the Republic of Belarus, which is aimed at stimulating state support of investment activities, as well as protection of the rights of investors in the territory of the Republic of Belarus. For example, the Investment Code of the Republic of Belarus provides guarantees of use of results of investment activities and investment protection.", "Motorcycle riding can be much riskier than riding in a car.Motorcycles are smaller and lighter than cars and the riders are much more exposed. Motorcycle accidents have a higher rate of injury and death than car accidents.\nLess visibility to cars: Motorcycles can be easily hidden by other objects since they are smaller than cars, which makes it harder to see them. Intersections can be easy for cars to overlook a motorcycle.\nRoad hazards: Debris, uneven road surfaces, small objects or wet pavement can cause motorcycles to crash more easily than cars.\nNo barrier between rider and road: Bikers are not protected by a metal container that makes up a car and they do not have seat belts or airbags. Wearing a helmet offers some protection but when motorcyclists do not wear a helmet, they are much more likely die than those who do.\nLess stability: Vehicles with two wheels are much less stable during emergency braking and swerving. A lot of motorcycle accidents are caused by front wheel \u201cwobble\u201d that can occur at high speeds.\nSkill level and difficulty: Riding a motorcycle is challenging and unskilled riders are much more likely to get into an accident. It is important to have a proper license and training before operating a motorcycle.\nHigh-risk behavior: Lighter, powerful and sporty motorcycles can encourage speeding, fast accelerating and other high-risk behaviors.\nMotorcyclists can understand these risks and help take the steps to lower their chances of getting into an accident. We encourage all motorcyclist to always wear a helmet to protect against more serious injuries or death.", "It's that time of year again! The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is coming, and it's almost as good as Christmas (almost). If you're not familiar with the sale, here's the run down. Once a year, Nordstrom puts their fall fashion on sale for a period of time, and after that time, the prices will go up to full retail. This year, the sale will start on July 9th (today!) for those with early access, and July 17th for the general public. To gain early access, you've got to have a Nordstrom rewards card. I know it can be a pain to open a credit card, but Nordstrom really does take care of their cardholders throughout the year with various rewards, a tailoring allowance, etc.\nWhen I know the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is coming up, I cannot wait to get the catalog in the mail and look through all the new fall fashion they're going to carry. Fall definitely has to be one of my favorite seasons when it comes to style with all of the rich colors and fabrics. And let's be real y'all...this Texas girl is finally excited to actually need winter and fall clothes!\nGenerally, I use the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale to stock up on basics and replace my staple items, like boots, that may have worn out in the previous year. It's also a good time to invest in quality leather and cashmere pieces that will last. Or maybe it's time to splurge on that gorgeous handbag you've been wanting! If you really have your eye on certain pieces, I highly recommend shopping early before they sell out. If an item is super popular, it can be gone in the first day of the sale. So, without further ado, here are my picks!", "The Boy Scouts of America announced Monday that it will allow transgender children to enroll in scouting programs.\nBoy Scouts chief executive Michael Surbaugh said in a video message that the organization will now accept boys based on the gender a parent puts on a child\u2019s scouting application, ending a policy of accepting boys based on the gender listed on a child\u2019s birth certificate.\nSurbaugh said the new policy goes into effect immediately.\n\u201cOur organization\u2019s local councils will help find units that can provide for the best interest of the child,\u201d he said in a written statement.\nThe shift is a significant one for the Boy Scouts, which ended a ban on gay scouts in 2013. In 2015, the organization decided to allow gay scout leaders, a decision that came months after a council in New York defied policy and hired an openly gay scout leader, the organization\u2019s president called for an end to the practice and the New York attorney general started investigating the group for discriminatory employment practices.\n\u201cThis is another historic day for the Boy Scouts of America. The decision to allow transgender boys to participate in the Cub Scouts and the Boy Scouts is an important step forward for this American institution,\u201d Zach Wahls, the co-founder of Scouts for Equality, said in a statement.\nLast year, an eight-year-old transgender Boy Scout in New Jersey was kicked out of his troop.\nA Boy Scout spokeswoman told the New York Times last month that Joe did not meet eligibility requirements to participate in Boy Scouts.\nJoe\u2019s mother, Kristie Maldonado, told The Washington Post on Monday that she filed a discrimination complaint against the Boy Scouts in New Jersey last week and believes that was the impetus for the policy change.\nBoy Scouts spokeswoman Effie Delimarkos said the organization discussed the change over the past few weeks and part of that discussion included the case of the Maldonados. Delimarkos said the organization hasn\u2019t received the complaint Maldonado said she filed.", "Warintorn Spa dispone de 2 salas de tratamiento y \u00e1reas de tratamiento al aire libre. Se ofrecen servicios como masajes tailandeses, tratamientos faciales, exfoliaciones corporales y tratamientos corporales. El spa ofrece varios tratamientos, entre otros aromaterapia y reflexolog\u00eda.\nRaja Palm: restaurante con servicio de desayuno y cena. Los hu\u00e9spedes pueden disfrutar de bebidas en el bar.\nJamaica: restaurante con servicio de comida.\nThis could be my 6th or 7th stay with rawai palm, starting to lose count, from the 1st time till now, I have to give credit to the hotel for maintaining the good condition of the hotel ground. Service is still as good and they have improved the Wi-Fi system as well! So full stars for the hotel! Still recommend the pool access room. Beautiful stay.\nExcellent resort, staff was excellent, room was something out of a movie. We had our own private pool! I have been to many hotels all over the world and this room was the best. My wife didn't want to do anything we planned. She just wanted to stay at the resort. Breakfast had a large selection. Pool was very nice. Check out the pics I uploaded. A picture is worth a thousand words.\nThe front office team were very helpful. All staff were lovely. The large pool is awesome and there is also a shallow, sandy child-friendly pool. The gym is rudimentary but does the job. I enjoyed the breakfast. The TV in the room needed some tuning. The location is a short but sweaty walk to Rawai Beach. Note; Rawai Beach is not a swimming beach, it is where small fishing boats anchor. There is a street along the beach with shops and restaurants on one side and nice views along the other.", "BIG IDEA: Resting in God\u2019s hands is more important than resting your body.\n1. Rest is a difficult concept in our western framework. We\u2019ve promoted \u2018work\u2019 to the heights of importance, which has created an expectation of over working, over thinking, over planning, and over expecting. Is this the way we were created to be though? In God\u2019s economy, we see how work is a gift, but in our sin we take gifts and make them gods. Another gift God has given us is rest. As we\u2019ve highlighted work, we\u2019ve relegated rest. Yet, Scripture highlights rest more than work in almost every area. We have a hard time resting. This has been the case for God\u2019s people through the whole story.\n- Why is it so hard for us to rest?\n- What would happen if we transitioned ourselves from an attitude of \u201crest from work\u201d to \u201cwork from rest\u201d?\n2. Rest is important; God uses it as a way to explain what life with Him is like. God\u2019s people sought to enter into His rest, but through their disobedience and the hardening of their hearts, they didn\u2019t enter into it. This rest is still available today. We\u2019re told that when we enter into rest, we don\u2019t stop displaying the character of God. Rather, \u201cfor whoever has entered God\u2019s rest has also rested from his works as God did his.\u201d (v10).\n- We often associate business as holiness. If we\u2019re doing things, then God is happy. We believe we can only make God known if we\u2019re doing something. How would our work-life balance change if we saw rest as a way we could make God\u2019s character known?\n3. We\u2019re to strive to enter this rest. It sounds a bit counter- intuitive, but if we realize the difference between laziness and rest, we may see how importance striving is. Grace isn\u2019t opposed to our effort, it\u2019s opposed to earning. We don\u2019t earn God\u2019s rest, but we enter into it. By His grace, we can strive to enter His rest in the confidence we will enter it.", "We are proud to have been named for 2017 \"One of the Best Law Firms\" for Mass Tort Litigation/Class Actions - Defendants by U.S. News & World Report and Best Lawyers for both the National and Metropolitan (Chicago) categories. Many of our clients sell products or use machines, and on occasion, people are hurt. There is a massive industry\u2014the plaintiffs\u2019 bar\u2014whose mission is to turn these injuries, big or small, into high-stakes lawsuits. With the intrusiveness of the discovery of electronically stored information, and the overall disruptiveness a lawsuit can have on business operations, many clients are not comfortable using the lawyers engaged by their insurance company. We\u2019ve worked with a lot of these lawyers over the years\u2014it\u2019s no wonder our clients occasionally worry.\nWe have and currently serve as National Trial Counsel for manufacturers. We represent clients in repetitive cases (same product injuring different plaintiffs) or even single cases (a one-time injury). We represent clients who only recently sold the product that is the subject of the suit, as well as clients who sold the product decades ago.\nWe represent clients coast to coast, in both state and federal court. We\u2019ve prevailed many times on summary judgment and at trial. And we\u2019ve settled early and cheaply (or obtained dismissals for no payment at all) when doing so was the right strategic move for the client.\nMany companies these days face a new hurdle\u2014the issue of a liability for a business long ago sold off. Or maybe not so long ago, but perhaps the allocation of liability was not the focus of the contract drafters\u2019 attention. Or maybe the ownership of insurance rights was not addressed. In any event, these \u201clegacy liabilities\u201d often raise a bevy of issues that are not common in other cases. We\u2019ve been handling corporate structure issues for years and appreciate the nuances of stock deals or asset purchases, of indemnity agreements and the uncertainties regarding insurance allocation.\nAs with all our other work, we handle product liability and legacy litigation using a variety of fee arrangements. Click here for a list of representative cases using various fee arrangements.", "My approach to imagery is corporeal. Humored by the responsiveness of voluptuous forms to the obstacles that violate them, I anthropomorphize objects from nature and the human body. A tree appears to ooze over a barbed wire fence in the same way that a belly overflows a belt; soft swallows hard.\nLike a cartoonist, I strive to depict manifestations of force action and reaction. As if complicit, objects become verbs: skin recoils, flesh droops, vines choke and fungi cling; tree bark scars leaving crusty scabs, orifices pucker and engulf. Walking through the forest, my world is incarnate.\nDriftless: Can\u2019t See the Forest for the Trees refers to the Driftless Area of the Midwest. Metaphorically, the title confesses the micro-centricity that drives my vision. Valuing imperfection, my attempts to mimic the landscape are deliberately crude. I liken the painstaking handiwork of human endeavor to the obsessive, teaming industry at work in the woodland.\nMaterial exploration is central to my process, and finds expression in refined polish and abject crudeness. I juxtapose these qualities to contrast the synthetic flamboyance of artifice with nature, untamed. When epoxy resin coats pink Polystyrene, a flush blooms. My work is idiosyncratic, tempered by a sharp, sexual edge.\nExcess is found in substance and action. Nature\u2019s takeover of the manmade is as concrete as it is allegorical. I witness vegetation as it engulfs civilization. Thitpok trees tighten their muscly grip of Ta Prohm, that ancient temple. You can almost hear the cartilage pop.", "This comic was created by the Toggl Team \u2013 the people behind the world\u2019s no. 1 time tracking app. We\u2019re pretty passionate about time tracking and think everyone should do it (fictional or not).\nTracking your time can give a good idea of how well you\u2019re actually working, since spending time at a desk does not equal productivity (in fact, less time at your desk could actually help keep you be more productive).\nI\u2019m Already Tracking My Time and Want A Break \u2013 Got Any More?\nI\u2019m glad you asked! If you liked this, you might enjoy some of the other pieces we\u2019ve done in the past \u2013 like explaining tech jobs with a simple lightbulb. Or another epic piece about how to save the princess using different programming languages.\nWe\u2019ll also keep doing these comics, so keep an eye on our Facebook or Twitter if you want to catch them early.\nIf you have any ideas for the next one, or if you think our Fictional Characters are missing something, drop a line where it says \u201cComments\u201d.\nWas it an African or European swallow?\nPah, you know because Batman is a master of something spastic like 140 different martial arts, in addition to all the time needed to learn them he has to spend 48 hours a day\u2026 not a typo.. maintaining that mastery.\nThese comics are not funny at all. The only time when they were was that time about saving princes with php.\nPretty awesome work, real funny LOL.\nThat was genius!! I don\u2019t care about time tracking apps. Sorry. But if I did I\u2019d be sure to give this one a try.\nBrilliant comic. Even more brilliant \u2019cause it\u2019s a acquisition strategy. Congrats!", "^ The average commercial electricity rate in Monroe, PA is 8.37\u00a2/kWh.\n^ The average residential electricity rate in Monroe, PA is 12.37\u00a2/kWh.\n^ The average industrial electricity rate in Monroe, PA is 4.23\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average commercial electricity rate in Monroe is 8.37\u00a2/kWh.\nThis average (commercial) electricity rate in Monroe is 11.33% less than the Pennsylvania average rate of 9.44\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average (commercial) electricity rate in Monroe is 17.05% less than the national average rate of 10.09\u00a2/kWh. Commercial rates in the U.S. range from 6.86\u00a2/kWh to 34.88\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average residential electricity rate in Monroe is 12.37\u00a2/kWh.\nThis average (residential) electricity rate in Monroe is 2.98% less than the Pennsylvania average rate of 12.75\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average (residential) electricity rate in Monroe is 4.12% greater than the national average rate of 11.88\u00a2/kWh. Residential rates in the U.S. range from 8.37\u00a2/kWh to 37.34\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average industrial electricity rate in Monroe is 4.23\u00a2/kWh.\nThis average (industrial) electricity rate in Monroe is 41.49% less than the Pennsylvania average rate of 7.23\u00a2/kWh.\nThe average (industrial) electricity rate in Monroe is 36.58% less than the national average rate of 6.67\u00a2/kWh. Industrial rates in the U.S. range from 4.13\u00a2/kWh to 30.82\u00a2/kWh.\nMonroe is a borough located in Bradford County in the state of Pennsylvania, and has a population of approximately 554.", "Window, Window Regulator Repair Kit was posted August 26, 2018 at 5:26 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Window Regulator Repair Kit has viewed by 960 visitor.\nWindow, Window Balance Repair was posted September 28, 2018 at 12:53 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Window Balance Repair has viewed by 395 visitor.\nWindow, Window Leak Repair was posted December 2, 2018 at 5:46 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Window Leak Repair has viewed by 342 visitor.\nWindow, Rear Window Defroster Repair was posted July 19, 2018 at 8:20 pm by Dreamroad Window . More over Rear Window Defroster Repair has viewed by 594 visitor.\nWindow, Andersen Window Repair was posted October 7, 2018 at 10:33 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Andersen Window Repair has viewed by 1576 visitor.\nWindow, Rear Window Defroster Repair Kit was posted November 15, 2018 at 8:16 pm by Dreamroad Window . More over Rear Window Defroster Repair Kit has viewed by 622 visitor.\nWindow, Pella Window Repair was posted July 1, 2018 at 7:43 pm by Dreamroad Window . More over Pella Window Repair has viewed by 1002 visitor.\nWindow, Window Screen Repair Near Me was posted September 29, 2018 at 4:41 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Window Screen Repair Near Me has viewed by 642 visitor.\nWindow, How To Repair Window Screen was posted August 2, 2018 at 4:55 pm by Dreamroad Window . More over How To Repair Window Screen has viewed by 3306 visitor.\nWindow, Foggy Window Repair was posted July 21, 2018 at 7:56 am by Dreamroad Window . More over Foggy Window Repair has viewed by 424 visitor.", "OE Attachments has announced an exclusive North American partnership with Kaup GmbH & Co. KG, a premium international manufacturer of forklift and construction attachments. Headquartered in Aschaffenburg, Germany, Kaup currently has 13 branches, representatives in 33 countries, and sells worldwide.\nTerry Melvin, CEO of OE Attachments, is excited about the new partnership with Kaup. \"For years, we\u2019ve been a mainstay in the forklift forks and attachments business, but our company has been looking to expand its product line. After meeting with Kaup and seeing their quality hydraulic products in action, I knew a partnership would take both our companies to the next level.\"\nIn addition to forklift forks and several construction attachments, OE Attachments will now be able to offer premium forklift attachments including sideshifters, fork positioners, telescopic forks, clamps, multi-pallet handlers, rotators, push/pulls, and much more via the OEA-Kaup brand. The combination of Kaup\u2019s hydraulic attachments and OE Attachments\u2019 boron-carbon alloy steel forks ensures customers will be getting the strongest, most innovative products offered in the industry, according to the partners.\n\"We pride ourselves on providing our customers with high-quality products,\" Melvin says. \"This partnership with Kaup is going to put us in a position to offer the most superior, technologically advanced materials handling products in North America.\"\nGabor Bartha, GM of Kaup, shares the optimism about the new partnership. \"OE Attachments is already proving to be a valued partner and we can\u2019t wait to see where this partnership leads in the years to come,\" he says.", "Picture people\u2026 that\u2019s what they would call us. Those who had become interested in tattoos. Images representing something within us.\nTattoos have come a long way. From indigenous tribes believing their mystical power to docklands of sailors and women of the night. As symbols of rebellion and the socially condemned, to the jail cells of criminals, representing their resistance and pain. Finally arriving at the present day, to become an integral part of fashion and accompanied by exciting stories.\nPreviously, the tattooist was considered a craftsman, but nowadays they themselves are known as artists, with tattoos becoming more improvised and imaginative. They have become an undivided part of body art, and successful in the field of art. Competitions are hosted and tattoo jams take place. They have become both the subject of entrepreneurs and artists, and one might say, the proud tattoo owner is now almost anybody.\nAs you walk the streets you can come across \u201elive images\u201c in the open air, inspired by a blend of style and symbolism from classical art, which connect with the new. Works of old masters are themselves, at first glance, easily identifiable and those of Alphonse Mucha are no exception. The Art Nouveau painter, graphic artist and designer, a master in his field, was not called \u201ethe greatest decorative artist in the world\u201d in vain. He is one of the few timeless artists who brilliantly combined symbolism with mysticism, ever changing, unique creations in their own right. His work is still unrivalled almost a hundred years later, brought to life through body modification, independently or alongside other works. The most characteristic and most commonly used is the representation of women\u2019s graceful curves that blend with floral motifs. decorative lines and a subtle range of pastel shades. In combination with symbols, ornaments, abstract shapes and the skin of the wearer.\nA Mucha provides an impressive and unmistakable tattoo with which you can do almost no wrong. And don\u2019t fear, even over time, when it loses its sparkle and shine, its ability to mature with you, much like a painting, makes it something truly unique.\nThe artists that did these tattoos should be credited!", "In the Land of Fruits and Nuts, one should not be surprised to learn that a high ranking member of their state Senate admits that half his family lives illegally in the United States.\nThis declaration is a badge of honor, and not some \u201ccome to Jesus,\u201d in order to make amends.\nCalifornia Democrat, Kevin de Le\u00f3n, recently admitted that half of his family was in the United States illegally and is using false forms of government identification, which can be a felony depending on the state and circumstance.\nI can tell you half of my family would be eligible for deportation under executive order, because if they got a false Social Security card, if they got a false identification, if they got a false driver\u2019s license prior to us passing AB60, if they got a false green card, and anyone who has family members, you know, who are undocumented knows that almost entirely everybody has secured some sort of false identification. That\u2019s what you need to survive, to work. They are eligible for massive deportation.\nTrust me, in the state of California they don\u2019t prosecute this crime. Instead, you get promoted.\nThey should be prosecuted for false Social Security cards and other false identification. These people want to pretend to be solid citizens, because they say, \u201cI haven\u2019t committed a \u2018real\u2019 crime.\u201d They minimize their crimes, as if welfare fraud, education fraud, or worse are just the price Americans have to pay.\nAmerican citizens are prosecuted for identity theft, welfare fraud, and education fraud to name a few. But \u201cillegals\u201d say these are not crimes. Nonsense.\nHow long do you think this has been going on? Do you think this man suddenly got half his family in America. Or has this been a long-term strategy, executed over time. Who\u2019s identities were stolen?\nTaxpayers fund this type of nonsense, and then \u201csanctuary states\u201d like California wonder why they end up broke.\nAmerica can have no sympathy for people who knowingly break the law. We will be making concessions until we become the United States of Mexico.", "At a media conference held earlier today (June 26) at St. Peter Catholic Secondary School in Peterborough, the Peterborough Victoria Northumberland and Clarington Catholic District School Board (PVNC) celebrated a new $650,000 investment to improve the welding program at the board\u2019s six secondary schools located in Peterborough, Cobourg, Lindsay, and Clarington.\nAfter more than a year of planning, the board will install 36 new fully outfitted welding booths at its secondary schools between now and the end of August 2018. The project will also help train teachers on the most current welding techniques, with more than a dozen educators undergoing enhanced welding training attending the media conference.\nThe board\u2019s improved welding program will offer students enhanced learning and better prepare them for co-op placements as part of Specialist High Skills Major programs and Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Programs throughout the region. The new welding facilities will also allow PVNC to enchnce partnerships with local colleges including Fleming, Durham, and Loyalist.\nLocal aggregates equipment company McCloskey International donated all of the 36 welding booth structures, and CWB Welding Foundation \u2014 a national charity that supports Canada\u2019s welding industry by increasing public safety awareness in welding and addressing the welding skilled trade shortage \u2014 funded around half of the project.\n\u201cPVNC has proven to demonstrate a great interest and commitment in improving its school welding facilities and upgrading educator welding skills,\u201d said Andrew Bartlett, acting executive director of CWB Welding Foundation.\nThe new welding booths are being installed this month at Holy Cross and St. Peter Catholic Secondary Schools in Peterborough and St. Stephen Catholic Secondary School in Bowmanville, and will be installed by August 2018 at St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School in Lindsay, St. Mary Catholic Secondary School in Cobourg, and Holy Trinity Catholic Secondary School in Courtice.", "One of my favorite genres is Historical Fiction. I especially enjoy those set during the war because they are mostly character-driven. I like how the genre reflects the many facets of humanity, and how it shows the dynamics between characters and/or events that may sometimes be complicated but nevertheless, interesting. They are also full of lessons about love, friendship and life, that will surely leave a lasting impression on the reader.\nI liked this book because it portrayed that one face of World War II where civilians were affected- their lives in those dark times, not knowing when and how the war will end. I think I gave this book 4.5 stars.\nI loved this book! This one is another refreshing read about World War II because the story is from the perspective of the poor Germans and those who are called \"sympathizers\". I gave this book 5 stars. Oh, and don't forget a box (or 2) of tissue if you read this.\nThe Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a short yet moving read told in the perspective of a nine-year old boy. One of the things I liked in this book is the innocent and simple approach to story-telling yet deeply moving. I gave this book 4.5 stars! And, you will also need a box of tissue here, folks.\nThis one is a story of hope and survival during the war, not in the hands of the Nazi Germans and Hitler as told in most war historical fiction books, but in the hands of Stalin and the Russians. Between Shades of Gray is a bittersweet and inspiring read. I gave it 5 stars.\nI loved this book because of its unique perspective, showing a glimpse of the different roles of women during the war. The author's writing style is also one of this book's strong points. More than a story about friendship, Code Name Verity tells an inspiring story about loyalty and nationalism. I gave this book 5 stars.", "Whether you\u2019re an auto-junkie or an everyday motorist who likes to keep abreast of developments, there\u2019s a blog to suit you and then some.\nSelling your car can often be a stressful and time consuming process. If you choose to sell privately, you might see countless weekends spent meeting prospective buyers only for them to decide against taking the car off your hands. To help you make your car stand out and sell faster, we\u2019ve put the following list of tips together.\nDiesel particulate filters, or DPFs, are a key component of modern diesel engines, but many people still don\u2019t understand what they do.\nNo one has yet found a way to turn back the clock and reverse the ageing process and one day we will all have to face the question \u2013 am I still fit to drive? Motoring journalist, John Swift, takes a look at some tips to help you behind the wheel.\nAs cycling becomes ever more popular as both as a leisure activity and as a way of commuting, the potential for a clash between riders and drivers becomes ever greater.\nWhat is an HPI check and do I need one?\nMotoring journalist, John Swift take a look at what an HPI check is and whether you should consider buying a car without one.\nAudi\u2019s first ever all-electric car is here and it\u2019s everything you\u2019d expect from an Audi, powered entirely by battery.\nIt\u2019s often said that we\u2019re a nation of dog-lovers, so, we take a look at some of the best cars for dog owners currently on the market.\nAs we face an epidemic of parking tickets issued by private companies, Motoring journalist, John Swift, looks at how you can tell the difference and what you should do.\nFancy saving yourself some money by cleaning your car\u2019s interior yourself? It may take a little longer, but our step-by-step guide and video will have your interior looking \u2018as new\u2019 in no time.", "ABSTRACT: (1,3)-\u03b2-d-Glucans with (1,6)-\u03b2-d-glucosyl branches are bioactive polysaccharides in fruiting bodies and mycelia of Ganoderma lucidum, a mushroom used in traditional Chinese medicine. Submerged cultivation of mycelium is one of the more efficient means of generating polysaccharides from this fungus. Twelve mycelium samples examined in this study demonstrated the quantitative and qualitative molecular characteristics of soluble (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-d-glucans. It was observed that the concentration of soluble (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-d-glucan varied substantially from 1.3 to 79.9 mg/dL. (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-d-Glucans also preserved their molecular characteristics with degrees of branching (DB) of 0.21-0.36 and molecular masses of 105-106 g/mol for those samples with substantial quantities of \u03b2-d-glucan. Using the high aggregating tendency of these molecules, (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-d-glucans were successfully purified via fractional precipitation with 35% (v/v) ethanol. (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-d-Glucan was proposed as a putative bioactive marker for immunomodulation because it was the most abundant polysaccharide in G. lucidum mycelium products to stimulate macrophage RAW 264.7 cells to release TNF-\u03b1.\nWang, C.-H., Hsieh, S.-C., Wang, H.-J., Chen, M.-L., Lin, B.-F., Chiang, B.-H., Lu, T.-J. 2014. \u201dConcentration variation and molecular characteristics of soluble (1,3;1,6)-\u03b2-D-glucans in submerged cultivation products of Ganoderma lucidum mycelium.\u201d Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry 2014 Jan 13 [Epub ahead of print].", "\u200bGrey Matters: Teaching The Way The Brain Learns follows three public school teachers who use a teaching model to shape and guide their teaching practice. The model is based on research from neuroscience and cognitive psychology and adapted in a way that makes sense for educators.\nThe film offers a unique opportunity to observe other teachers, in their classrooms, using an approach that works for their students.\nJustin Holbrook is a Grade 4 STEM teacher at Roland Park Elementary Middle School in urban Baltimore. \"Our neighbourhood is very diverse and it's a challenge to meet every student where they are.\"\nJeremy Mettler teaches US History, Global Studies, and coaches girls Volleyball. His students are seniors - if they fail his class, they fail to graduate.\n\u200bVicky Krug's students are in her class because they failed to make the cut for credit-bearing college courses. Krug teaches developmental education at a local community college in rural Pennsylvania.\nSee how these teachers engage their students, helping them to grow and reach their academic potential.\n\u200bWho'd believe this is the response I receive when I tell my students it is time to learn vocabulary, but it is! After watching the Grey Matters Documentary and learning a brain targeted approach to teaching vocabulary I returned to my class and tried it immediately. My students loved it! They learned new words, asked to use it with all unfamiliar words, used the words in context and are remembering them over a month later! Highly engaged students, increased opportunities for dialogue, students retaining information and working on a district goal! What more could a teacher want?\n--Nancy Stauber, Early Elementary Educator.\nTeachers appreciate both the tangible classroom strategies along with the research and psychology insights into how the brain learns. It's Professional Development for teachers, by teachers.\nGrey Matters: Teaching The Way The Brain Learns is 45 mins long, accompanied by a discussion guide, featureing additional reading and resources for K-12 teachers, Colleges/Universities, and Organizations/Associations/Non-Profits. The conversation starts here.", "Jill Grant & Associates provides environmental counsel and representation to Indian tribes, tribal entities, and other environmental organizations, and represents tribes on jurisdictional and administrative law issues. We are an equal opportunity employer. Native Americans are encouraged to apply.\nJill Grant & Associates, LLC, based in Washington, D.C., is seeking a paralegal/office manager. Responsibilities include proofreading, cite-checking and filing legal documents; billing and invoicing; travel arrangements; answering phones; ordering office supplies; and general office and administrative duties. The ideal candidate will have at least five years of paralegal experience, be detail-oriented, and able to work independently in a small law office.\nSalary range $55k-$65K per year, depending on experience. Excellent benefits package that includes paid time off; paid holidays; health, dental/vision, life & disability insurance; and retirement plan.\nTo apply, please submit: (1) a cover letter describing your interest in and qualifications for the position, (2) a resume, (3) a list of references, by email to paralegalposition@jillgrantlaw.com.\nJill Grant & Associates, LLC, based in Washington, D.C., is seeking an associate attorney with two to three years of experience. Experience and/or demonstrated interest in environmental law is required.\nTo apply, please submit: (1) a cover letter describing your interest in and qualifications for the position, (2) a resume, (3) a legal writing sample, (4) a list of references, and (5) a law school transcript by email to associateposition@jillgrantlaw.com.", "Looking for something to do to get out of the Heat this Summer and keep the kids busy? Why don\u2019t you head on over to Legoland Discovery Center in Westchester New York!\nLegos are a family staple\u2026 they\u2019ve been around for generations and families enjoy using them together and will absolutely love checking out all of the amazing Lego creations that are all over at the Legoland Discovery Center. They truly are great for the whole family.\nTake a look at the last time that I visited the Lego Discovery Center. We had a blast. My boys especially enjoyed the crawl tunnels that they have set up in the middle of all of the other areas. It reminds me of the old discovery zone in a way.\nOne of our other favorite things that we did during our visit was check out the 4-D show that they had. Every month or so the show rotates to a new one so it\u2019s always a new fun experience for the family. If you\u2019re unsure what 4D is, it is where you can feel, see, and even smell what\u2019s going on in the short 15 minute movie. The great thing is once you\u2019re inside, all of these attractions are included with your visit including the movie.\nI do recommend that you eat prior to going to the Legoland Discovery Center because their food options are pretty limited especially for young children that are picky but there are sandwiches and some other options if you would like to eat there or have a snack.\nThere is a parking deck located only a block away from the Legoland Discovery Center and if I recall it was pretty cheap and for yhe entire day.\nNot to mention that the area is great and it\u2019s a great day out for the entire family. There\u2019s an outside mall that you can walk around and window shop or grab an ice cream and just walk down the Main Street of the strip.\nThe Legoland Discovery Center has given me a family pack of 4 tickets to give away to one lucky winner.\nEnter to win now through July 1st, GOOD LUCK!!!", "Never Miss Another Call - EVER!\nHere\u2019s why: If your caller reaches a busy signal or disconnects before the call is answered, we send you a Missed Call email within seconds. The email shows you the caller\u2019s telephone number and other vital data.\nCall Tracking provides 24-hour internet access to Real-Time call records and call detail. We offer a range of web based easy-to-read reports (charts and graphs) with detailed summaries of individual caller\u2019s information. These reports are easy to use and quick to visualize.\nCIM provides individual or packages of toll-free Vanity and Repeater Numbers for multiple ad-tracking. In many cases, you can have a large selection of true 800 Vanity Numbers. These numbers have been proven to have greater results than 888, 877, and 866 numbers.\nAs calls occur, Call Tracking captures database information including the caller\u2019s name, phone number, address, time, duration, and completion-of-time for each call. It can also identify a call, even if your line was busy or if the call went unanswered.\nSeeing the results of your Vanity 800 Number through Call Tracking allows you to focus your advertising dollar toward the most effective ads that maximize your ROI.\nOne of the strongest features of Call Tracking is to immediately know when you miss a call. Your long-distance company never tells you about missed calls. If they can\u2019t bill you for it, they don\u2019t tell you about it.\nIf your caller reaches a busy signal, or disconnects before the call is answered, we send you a Missed Call email within seconds. This email shows you the caller\u2019s telephone number. One missed call converted to a sale can pay for our service for an entire year.\nNever miss another call \u2013 Ever!", "Thanks to the Libra Foundation for giving us a helping hand!\nWe\u2019re delighted to announce that SavingSpecies has been given a vital helping hand from the prestigious Chicago-based Libra Foundation. The Foundation has awarded SavingSpecies a $25,000 capacity building grant. It will support essential costs to help SavingSpecies expand its reach and impact around the world.\nWe\u2019re especially pleased at the recognition of our success since the Libra Foundation focuses on \u201csupporting innovative and effective work\u201d which furthers its goals of fostering human rights and sustainability.\nDr. Pimm emphasized that all donations go to conservation projects, unless otherwise specified by the donor. \u201cAs I take personal pride in ensuring that every dime SavingSpecies raises for our projects goes directly toward land purchases and restoration, this grant is particularly helpful in furthering our reach and impact,\u201d he said.\nThe grant will help SavingSpecies develop its website, social media, grant writing, public outreach and research. Through grassroots word of mouth and online engagement, SavingSpecies has raised public awareness\u2014and hundreds of thousands of dollars\u2014to fund restoration of critically at-risk habitats. The Libra Foundation\u2019s grant recognizes the value of our approach to connect and restore patches of fragmented, degraded tropical forests in Brazil, Madagascar, and Colombia. Most recently we\u2019re applying this approach to the cloud forests of the Western Andes of Colombia, inhabited by hundreds of threatened species, many of which are unique to the area. These cloud forests are also home to the olinguito, a charismatic raccoon-like arboreal mammal first described in August 2013.\n\u201cWithout the help of our supporters, sponsors and thoughtful foundations like the Libra Foundation, we could not do our important work of healing the planet to give species a chance to survive and thereby prevent extinctions,\u201d added Dr. Pimm.\nRead more details about the award in our press release.", "Windows Server is only available in bit versions. balifrangipani.com /16/windows-serverthe-lastbit-operating-system/. Full-featured Windows Server R2 product evaluation available for ISO or VHD download. Also available for trial on Microsoft Azure or Virtual Labs. Hyper-V Server , 10/30/, 1/9/, 1/10/ Microsoft Windows Server R2 Datacenter Edition (Bit x86), 3/5/, Not Applicable, Not.\nWindows Server , codenamed \"Windows Server 8\", is the sixth release of Windows Server. . All ReFS metadata has built-in bit checksums which are stored . As with Windows Server , the Datacenter and Standard editions are. Server R2 is not available in a 32bit version of the OS (for all versions) but they are able to run 32bit applications as with all other 64bit. 9 Mar 32GB. Windows Server Essentials. bit. 64GB. Windows Server Standard. bit. 4TB. Windows Server Datacenter. bit.\n4 Oct Windows Server is an operating system built by Microsoft and is the Foundation; Essentials; Standard; Datacenter Server (Limited to 15 users), 32 GB RAM, See Microsoft software in the Thomas-Krenn web shop. 5 Mar For a bit version operating system: \"Microsoft Windows Server Enterprise x64 Edition\" appears under \"System.\" For a bit version. 10 Jul Windows Server , Datacenter, Enterprise, Standard and Web editions (bit and bit). Install the integration services after you set up the. 24 Aug Running bit Programs Ideally, running bit applications on bit versions of Windows Server will just work. bit editions of Windows are. 30 Sep First of all, Windows Server R2 requires a bit processor; the complete Standard or Datacenter version of Windows Server R2.", "The position of ACMC Executive Director is provided by the Department of Defence, but serves a whole of government mandate.\nSince ACMC's inception, and in recognition of the bilateral relationship between Australia and New Zealand, the New Zealand Government has filled The Deputy Executive Director position.\nThe Director of International and Domestic Engagement builds and fosters relationships with government and non-government stakeholders, using the work of ACMC to influence better policy and advocate for civil-military collaboration in that community.\nThe Director of Concepts and Capability leads a team of experts, delivering cross-agency programs on new and emerging civil-military-police concepts, such as Women, Peace and Security, and programs that support the development of civil-military-police capability through preparedness, lessons and evaluation, and humanitarian-government coordination.\nThe Director of Business Operations and Governance manages the development, implementation and evaluation of strategic and business plans and oversees the administrative support to ACMC's capacity branch.\nThe ACMC's Military Advisor serves as a conduit to the Australian Defence Force and provides advice and insights from a military perspective.\nThe Foreign Affairs Advisor provides subject matter expertise in Peacebuilding, Conflict Prevention, Crisis Recovery, and Disaster Risk Reduction. As a seconded officer of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the Advisor can advocate for their home agency while supporting the work of ACMC.\nRob joined the Australian Federal Police in 1984 and was stationed at the Melbourne Office where he performed numerous investigative roles.\nAs a centre of civil-military excellence, ACMC is regularly called on to support priority government initiatives and activities. We retain the services of a specialist who scans the environment for opportunities to promote the work of ACMC and foster new relationships.", "In 2019, we will continue hosting our free tours of the Sphinxkwartier and Frontenpark. Each tour starts at 2:00 PM, where we explain the main points at the Belv\u00e9d\u00e8re information centre. After that, we start walking! Our guide will take you to new businesses such as Gedeelde Weelde and The Student Hotel. From there, we will continue towards Sphinxcour, which is where both the entrance and exit of Loods 5are located. You will not have any time for shopping though, as we have much more to see during our tour. We will proceed via the Bassin marina to have a look at Lumi\u00e8re film house and, when the renovation has sufficiently progressed, the Muziekgieterij (music venue).\nThe renovation of the Frontenpark will be completed by Strukton Civiel sometime during the summer of 2019. Depending on the progress at the time, we will walk through the Baron Dibbetspark towards the new underpass near Cabergerweg. During our tour, we will pass the fortifications that have been renovated in recent years to prevent further deterioration. If we are not yet able to continue via Frontenpark, then we will continue directly to the \u2018back garden\u2019 of the Sphinx Quarter, and we will head to Het Radium where the industrial and imposing Cokesfebrik and Gashouder buildings, definitely are worth a visit!\nThe Sphinxkwartier and Frontenpark tours are not suitable for individuals with limited mobility, whatever their age. Don\u2019t forget to wear sturdy shoes or walking boots! English-language tours are also held on a first-come, first-served basis, so please make sure that you register in good time.", "Halifax Piece Hall is coming out punching with some heavyweight entertainment lined up for the Christmas period.\nMany events are being held in the fully restored hall in the run up to Christmas and businesses there are also adding events of their own to pull in the crowds.\nSports memorabilia specialist Onlineauthentic welcomes one of British sport\u2019s most famous names this Saturday, November 18, when boxing legend Frank Bruno will be at its shop on the Piece Hall\u2019s Rustic Level to sign copies of his new autobiography Let Me Be Frank, written with Nick Owens.\nFrank will be there from noon to 3pm and will also be signing photographs, gloves, shorts and other memorabilia. You can pre-order items by calling 07854 525321 or online at www.onlineauthentic.uk - and for \u00a320 each a professional photographer will take your with the former WBC heavyweight champion.\nThe Piece Hall festive season gets under way in earnest on November 25 and carries on all the way to a cracking New Year\u2019s Eve celebration finale. Seasonal events include a grand Spiegeltent tent showcasing live cabaret, comedy, music, storytelling and performances for all the family. There will also be a Yorkshire Christmas Market (December 3 to 10), craft workshops with a Georgian twist and an original light installation.\nTicket details, where appropriate, and the full events programme for Christmas at The Piece Hall are available online at www.thepiecehall.co.uk, from the Box Office daily between 10am to 6pm on 01422 525217 and at the Welcome Centre daily between 10am to 6pm.\nFree events including lantern making and enchanting window displays inspired by The Night Market animation, and the Hygge Tipi opening its doors selling festive themed food and drink, all on November 25 to coincide with Halifax\u2019s big Christmas Lights switch-on, get the ball rolling.", "Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno state says former governors in the incoming 9th National Assembly have endorsed the candidature of Senator Ahmad Lawan for the seat of Senate president.\nShettima, who confirmed this development when he fielded questions from newsmen in N\u2019Djamena, Chad, said the affected senators-elect had also endorsed Honourable Femi Gbajabiamila for the position of Speaker of the House Representatives.\nAccording to Shettima, the only way APC governors can show appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari is for them to support his programmes and political decisions.\nThe governor was part of President Buhari\u2019s entourage to a meeting of member nations of the the Community of Sahel \u2013 Saharan States (CEN SAD) in N\u2019Djamena, Chad.\nThe meeting seeks to among other things, address the problems of terrorism and banditry along the Lake Chad basin and beyond.\nMeanwhile, a political analyst, Mock Samuel Kure, has stated that one of the front-runners in the race, Senator Ali Ndume, lacks the maturity required to be Senate president.\nAccording to him, the All Progressives Congress (APC) need not to be scared of Senator Ndume\u2019s rabble rousing, adding that the party should rather be wary of Senator Danjuma Goje.\nThe APC had endorsed Senator Ahmad Lawan from Yobe state for the position. But, Ndume and Goje, both APC members, and from Gombe and Borno respectively, had also declared interest in the seat, and continued their campaigns ahead of the race.", "Pia Gutierrez, ABS-CBN News Posted at Aug 31 2016 05:21 PM MANILA \u2013 Overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) repatriated from Al Khobar, Saudi Arabia arrived at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) Wednesday morning.\nThe 128 OFWs who worked for oil, gas and petrochemical contractor Mohamad-Almojil group were stranded for years in Saudi Arabia without pay or benefits before being able to seek government help.\nPresident Rodrigo Duterte personally welcomed the Filipino workers, who were grateful for the government support. In his speech, Duterte promised continuing assistance for the OFWs, including scholarships for their children.\n\u201cKung hirap kayo, let me know. I-e-enroll ko kayo sa 4Ps (Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program), para siguradong meron kayong bigas sa inyong mesa,\u201d he said.\nThe president also handed OFWs P5,000 each, on top of the P26,000 earlier given by the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA) as livelihood assistance. The government also promised livelihood support and assistance should they choose to seek employment abroad.\nLabor Secretary Silvestre Bello also assured OFWs that the government will ensure that the repatriated workers receive their back wages and end-of-service benefits.\n\u201cIyong sweldo nyo, pati end of service [pay], kukunin ng mga abogado natin doon. Hindi natin sila pauuwiin hangga\u2019t hindi nila nakukuha ang sweldo niyo,\u201d Bello said, eliciting cheers from the OFWs.\nAccording to the labor chief, this group will not be the last to be repatriated to the Philippines.\nEarlier this month, representatives from different government agencies went to Saudi Arabia to help in the repatriation of stranded Filipino workers who lost their jobs due to a recent slump in oil prices.", "We know where you are, but not what you do: The search for New Zealand\u2019s 50 fastest growing businesses is throwing up some early regional trends, with entries now closed in the inaugural corporate growth search.\nAlmost 500 nominations have been received for the Deloitte/Unlimited Fast 50, which plans to identify New Zealand\u2019s fast growing companies.\nAuckland leads the charge, with 38.5% of entries, followed by Christchurch at 27%. Wellington businesses comprise 22% of entries, with Dunedin at 7% and Hamilton businesses making up 5.5%.\nBut just which sector the winning companies will come from is anyone\u2019s guess at this stage. The biggest category is companies rating themselves as \u2018other\u2019, not fitting into manufacturing (20%), services (16%), retail (15%), technology (11%) or the less-than- 5% remaining categories of health care, biotech, telecommunications, tourism or leisure.\nDeloitte CEO Nick Main says the nominations provide solid evidence that a large number of New Zealand business are running in the fast lane.\n\u201cThey are tomorrow\u2019s potential bluechips with the final rankings all about growth, based on revenue figures supplied for three years,\u201d he says.\nThe full ranking will be published in the November issue of the business magazine, Unlimited, and its publisher, Vincent Heeringa, says the rankings will also point to emerging entrepreneurs and business heroes. The top \u2013rated company receives a trip to the Global Forum of CEOs of fast growing organisations, to be held 8-10 May 2002 in Florida, US.\nFind more from IDG on InfoPages.", "Named one of the 10 Best National Park Beaches and 10 Best Freshwater Beaches by USA Today in 2016 and the 10 Best Beaches for Families in 2011 by Parents Magazine.\nSwim in the cool waters of Lake Michigan and hike through the dunes at West Beach. Swimming. Lifeguards are present from the Friday of Memorial Day through the Monday of Labor Day. Lifeguards are not present at other times of the year. Swim at your own risk. Rip currents and large waves can make swimming hazardous.\nHours: 8 am to 10 pm Memorial Day through Labor Day. 7 am to 30 minutes after sunset the remainder of the year.\nFees: $6.00 per vehicle or motorcycle per day, $30.00 per bus per day. 50% discount for Senior and Access Passes.\nAmenities: Concessions, restrooms, picnic area, first aid, wheelchair access, fishing at nearby Long Lake and bird watching. Bathhouse with showers and lockers is open seasonally.\nLot capacity: About 300 cars. There is a 0.3 mile walk from the parking lot to the beach.\nNotes: West Beach is the southernmost tip of Lake Michigan and serves as a research area for universities. Also offering a variety of trails to explore the scenery. Pets are not permitted on the beach. Pets are permitted on a leash (6' or shorter) on trails, at picnic shelters and at the parking lots. Glass containers are prohibited on all beaches.\nDirections: Take U.S. 20 to County Line Road, head north and follow signs.", "Our procedures always begin with a detailed pest inspection. This way, your exterminator will be able to determine what he has to deal with - the pest species as well as how advanced the infestation is. Based on his findings, he will choose a control procedure in the next step.\nNow that your technician is familiar with the type of pests and their hideouts, he will choose and implement suitable pest control measures to rid you of the problem quickly and effectively. He will use relevant to your situation products, ones that are powerful but safe for you, your family and pets. Our services are not hourly-based, so your exterminator will stay until the job is done.\nBed bugs, rats and other pests require several visits to tackle their entire population. This is why we recommend scheduling additional visits as part of our guaranteed procedures. This way, you will be sure that all pests, to the last one, will be exterminated.\nIt's always advisable to take a proper care of your property if you want to avoid further pest problems. Your pest technician will give you advice on how to do that.\nAdditionally, he can install rodent proofing materials which will protect your home from mice and rats by blocking their entry points. This is done upon your request and at a small additional charge.\nLincoln, North Kesteven, East Lindsey, Newark and Sherwood, and Bassetlaw are a few of the nearby areas where you can find local pest technicians. We constantly work on expanding our reach to provide effective pest control in other districts. Availability is also an important feature of our services. For example, if you find it more suitable to schedule your pest treatment for the weekend, during public holidays or in the evening, you can do so easily.", "Artisan, a rustic effect tile collection which is designed by the brilliant Francisco Segarra. Glorifying the imperfections of aged tiles, the natural imperfections emerge clearly and realistically from the surface to become a distinguishing feature of this series.\n\"Classic and sophisticated tones bring out the best in this series\". While texture is cleverly introduced by shading which works in harmony with a Spanish feel that is much appreciated.Artisan rustic effect tile also features a faux grout line, giving you the sense of a more traditional 150 x 150 mm tiles.\nArtisan is a leading range for rustic effect tiles. The resemblance of a true traditional Spanish tile is phenomenal.\nThis 330 x 330 mm red-bodied collection was exclusively designed and inspired by the traditional tiles of eastern Spain. Artisan\u2019s characteristic of blue and white colours add nicely to the classical feel of the range. Each tile features faux joints that simulate a four-tile layout.\nArtisan collection displays a worn aged rustic effect, especially around the edges where the tile carries a chiselled worn effect.\nThe range consists of two tiles, one decorative the other plain. The decorative tile has a centralised mural, displaying shades of blue and white. The background of the tile is an off white, light oak tone. One tile is made up of four tiles separated by a faux grout line.\nArtisan \u2013 B is the plain tile of the range, with an off-white background. The edges are made to give an aged pealed appearance revealing a light oak colour.\nArtisan is a collection inspired by eastern Spain. This collection stands out with traditional characteristics. Each tile featuring faux joints that simulate a four-tile layout with decorative option available.\nArtisan collection has a traditional Spanish appearance. An effective vintage style tile, that can be used on wall or floor.", "Oh my goodness it has been a week. My internet was down for three days in a row and I\u2019m still having issues. When your business and livelihood depends on the internet, it basically shuts down everything. No joke \u2013 super stressful. On top of that, I got super sick and now Milan is sick. I can\u2019t remember the last time I felt this horrible. It feels like death. I know I\u2019ve been a Debbie Downer lately and I have to apologize. I really don\u2019t like giving off this negative energy so I appreciate you guys hanging in there with me. It\u2019s taken every ounce of energy to write this post. Click READ MORE to view the full post.\nI wanted to share this marl knit poncho that I\u2019ve been loving lately. It\u2019s so soft and comfortable. Sizing runs true to size and I\u2019m wearing XS/S. It doesn\u2019t come in petites but as you can see, it\u2019s petite friendly. Would highly recommend.\nI also got this turtleneck poncho sweater, this eyelet hem sweatshirt and this scalloped skirt in the mail \u2013 will review soon.\nHang in there sweetie. \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95 First time commenting but I check your site all the time.\nSuch a cute poncho, at first sight it doesn\u2019t even look like a poncho. It\u2019s super casual but the boots and the bag add a bit of class.\nSo cute! I enjoy your blog and seeing your wonderful ideas for putting together petite outfits. Wishing you and your daughter a quick recovery. Continuing to keep you in my prayers that everything is going well.\nThe outfit is neat and looks comfortable.\nWe all go through bad times and as moms we have to stick together. Our babies are our everything. I know it doesn\u2019t seem like it now but I promise with everything I\u2019ve been reading on your blog it DOES get better. Feel better soon!", "* If you request a Democratic Primary ballot, your state will send your information to Democrats Abroad.* The only way to become a member of Democrats Abroad is to JOIN.\n* Mail your voter registration application to your county voting authority, usually called a Registrar or County Board of Elections.* Democrats Abroad has a Global Primary every two years, in the even-numbered years.* If you vote for President in the DA GPP, you may NOT vote for President OR for delegates for that candidate in your home state election.* If you vote in the DA GPP, you MAY vote for other \u2018down-ballot\u2019 races on your state ballot.* \u2018Down-ballot\u2019 races might include US Senate and House, state legislatura, mayor and US Supreme Court justices.* Military personnel overseas can register and vote online (UOCAVA).\n* Civilian voters can fill in the application to register online, but must print, sign and send the hard copy back to their home county voting authority.\n* Most US states currently use electronic (touchscreen) voting machines and will accept online votes from abroad as well.\nBeyonce and Jay Z, Ciara and Russell, Nicki and Meek, and a slew of other celeb couples love to frequent basketball games for a fun, action packed date night.\nAs we wait for game seven in the NBA Finals, we pulled together our favorite courtside moments.\nexplored something that these 6 Republican senators have in common. Senators: Rob Portman (Ohio), Ron Johnson (Wisconsin), Kelly Ayotte (New Hampshire), Mark Kirk (Illinois), Richard Burr (North Carolina) and Pat Toomey (Pennsylvania) Tick the statements about Voting From Abroad that are TRUE.\n* If you live outside the US, you must register every year you want to vote.\nThe 34-year-old actress and 30-year-old actor, who played Haley James and Nathan Scott, reunited with their onscreen son, Jackson Brundage, now age 15. Lenz and Lafferty spent time with Brundage at Eye Con's second annual convention.\nSleep talking may involve simple sounds or long, involved speeches.", "HARTFORD >> The State Bond Commission is expected to approve funding for repairs to the Lake Beseck Dam in Middlefield and the Foster Pond Dam in Meriden at its March 13 meeting.\nThe Bond Commission is proposing to spend $2,464,800 to repair the Lake Beseck Dam and address leakage issues with its masonry spillway. For many months, Middlefield residents have been discussing the need to repair the 165-year-old dam, which sits at the south end of the lake. State-funded repairs are expected to require a 13-foot draw down of lake waters and take about a year to complete.\n\"I know the Lake Beseck dam has had its share of woes over the years, but I also know that this very comprehensive project - while temporarily inconvenient for some homeowners - is absolutely necessary and will provide a safer and better quality of life for area residents,\" said state Sen. Dante Bartolomeo, who attended a meeting last spring with Lake Beseck area residents to hear their concerns. \"These are very wise investments of limited state dollars that all Democrats supported two years ago when the bonding bill came up for a vote in the state legislature.\"\nState Rep. Matt Lesser, who represented Middlefield for several years and who worked on the Lake Beseck dam issue, also welcomed the state bonding.\n\"I've been working for a long time on this issue, and in the legislature I voted to approve state funding for these types of projects,\" Lesser said. \"Investing in Middlefield is always a good investment.\"\nThe Bond Commission is also proposing to spend $757,000 to improve the Foster Pond Dam in Meriden, including spillway improvements, raising the embankment, flattening the slopes, providing riprap erosion protection and replacing the intake/outlet structure.", "II. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of this technique for diagnosis of aortic stenosis.\nEchocardiographic imaging can define the valve anatomy, the underlying cause of aortic stenosis, and the severity of valve calcification.\nDoppler echocardiography measures the transaortic jet velocity, the pressure gradient, and the aortic valve area, which predicts disease severity and clinical outcome.\nIt can also demonstrate aortic regurgitation, which may also be present with aortic stenosis.\nIt is important in evaluating left ventricular hypertrophy and systolic function.\nPoor chest windows secondary to body habitus or chest wall abnormalities lead to poor image acquisition and evaluation.\nIncorrect calculations can result from annulus calcification and eccentric jet morphology.\nV. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of the alternative techniques for diagnosis of aortic stenosis.\nIt is an invasive procedure that may be poorly tolerated by some patients.\nNoncontrast CT can assess aortic valve calcification.\nCardiac-gated CT can demonstrate leaflet thickening and left venticle hypertrophy.\nPoststenotic dilation of the aorta may be demonstrated.\nCT can also reveal concomitant coronary artery disease and aortic regurgitation.\nAngiography can accurately measure pressure gradients across the aortic valve, calculate the valve area, and assess the severity of disease.\nThe coronary arteries may be evaluated before surgical intervention.\nIt is an invasive procedure with risks of complications including access site injury, infection, and bleeding.\nCalcification of the valve may be demonstrated.\nPoststenotic dilation of the aorta may be apparent.\nIt is a nonspecific screening exam.\nPoor tolerance of sedation may be a relative contraindication.\nPregnancy during the first trimester may be a relative contraindication.\nAllergy to contrast material may be a relative contraindication.", "For Autumn I really want to move away from wearing jeans all the time and wear more dresses with tights and boots. These boots would be perfect as it looks like they would fit nicely around the ankle - but they could work with skinny jeans too. I love the buckle detail and could actually have a pair of these in every colour - grey, black tan and burgundy.\nI would say this is more burgundy than red and I LOVE the colour, it's my favourite Autumn colour! I need a new coat for the upcoming cold weather and I love the style of duffle coats, plus it has a hood for practicality! I cannot believe this is only \u00a319.00 - I need to hunt it down pronto!\nI'm a sucker for a tan bag - the colour is timeless and just goes with everything. My current bag is beginning to wear in places, so it seems like the right time to replace it. This one from Accessorize has a classic style and colour, with a detachable strap for wearing over the shoulder.\nNew Look just doesn't disappoint when it comes to affordable fashion and this is a classic example. This ticks so many boxes for me; a bargain price - check; skater style - check; burgundy - check; peter pan collar - check. This would work for daytime with pumps or boots and for night time with heels and a matching lipstick.\nI've only recently discovered the amazing selection of wellies in Joules! They're not the cheapest but they are oh so nice! I went in store to have a look (they didn't have my size, sob!) and you can tell they are fantastic quality, the rubber is really soft and flexible. I love the fact that they do a selection of mid length wellies and this design is super cute.\nThe change of seasons isn't going to do much for my bank account! But I really do need a new coat, some new boots and a new bag as a minimum, as my existing ones have got to the point of looking scruffy and worn.\nWhat's on your Autumn fashion wishlist?\nThat same exact dress is in my wishlist too, everything's so gorgeous!", "U.S. Figure Skating is Back in Greater Lansing!\nThe Greater Lansing region, along with partners Suburban Ice East Lansing, the Lansing Skating Club and the Greater Lansing Sports Authority are proud to host the 2017 Eastern Great Lakes Regional Figure Skating Championships. The event, held last year in Fort Wayne, Indiana, has not been held in Greater Lansing since 2003.\nRoger that Flight 517 this is Tower; you are go for takeoff out of District 5.\nYup, that\u2019s right, District 5 Trampoline Park on Waverly Road in Lansing is now sending out flights daily of thrill seeking jumping addicts and it looks like a complete blast! Think of it as American Ninja Warrior meets zero gravity. I know I&apos;m fired up to try it. Do you have a jumper, climber or parkour addict in your family? You&apos;ve got to get out to District 5. What a great way to burn off steam as we get into the fall and winter months. This isn\u2019t just a kids place either where the kids run around in socks and mom and dad drink wine and watch an animatronic mouse sing about pizza - this is a place for real athletes and bounce, fitness and creative movement enthusiasts of all ages.\nWe&apos;re lucky in Michigan, and of course in Greater Lansing, to have 4 distinct seasons in the year. Spring, Summer, Winter and Football season. Around here its Spartan football, and its fabulous return means a lot of good times and a rush of warm memories of victories passed.", "In a Washington Post op-ed over the weekend, scholar Brian Klaas lists and summarizes six ways that President Trump and Trumpism represent a threat to democracy in America.\nBased at the London School of Economics, Klaas studies comparative democracy, including the deep underpinnings of a healthy democracy, and how they can be undermined. His book, \u201cThe Despot\u2019s Accomplice: How the West is Aiding and Abetting the Decline of Democracy,\u201d suggests that the overall trends toward more democracy in the world has now been reversed and democracy is in retreat.\n1. Trump encourages his minions to believe that elections are rigged, epitomized by his claim \u2013 without evidence \u2013 that millions voted illegally for Hillary Clinton. It\u2019s healthier for democracy if voters believe that elections are free and fair. Of course, if our elections were really rigged, we need whistleblowers. But Trump has produced no credible evidence for his claims.\n2. Trump makes an average of four provably false statements a day, according to Klaas, who relied on the Washington Post\u2019s \u201cFact Checker\u201d feature on Trumpian falsehoods during his presidency so far. When citizens learn to distrust what their elected leaders tell them, it undermines democracy.\nPublication information: Article title: Comparative Democracy Scholar Lists the Ways Trumpism Represents a Threat to Democracy. Contributors: Black, Eric - Author. Newspaper title: MinnPost.com. Publication date: March 13, 2017. Page number: Not available. \u00a9 MinnPost. Provided by ProQuest LLC. All Rights Reserved.", "Jimmy John's is pretty much my goto sub chain(*). I have walked into Jersey Mike's several times, never seen anything I wanted to eat and walked out, Sub Station II doesn't have unsweet tea, Subway is OK, but the one I had most access to for several years kept the thermostat on sub-zero and I had to stop going. The only issue I have with Jimmy John's is the way they core out the bread for your sandwich. If they are going to do that, you ought to get the bread core too -- you paid for it.\nThat said, I have never eaten at this one as Forest Drive is closer and has parking. At any rate, as reported by commenter MB, it is now closed. I find it curious how completely it is stripped as they were still doing Facebook postings as late as 19 May.\nThe only other things I will note about this location is that my cousin worked there at one time, and that it was robbed at gun (or maybe finger) point in 2016.\n(*) Here: At the beach, Dagwoods in Surfside is the holy grail.\nSubscribe to comments with RSS or TrackBack to 'Jimmy John's, 2015 Devine Street: May 2018'.\nWasn't this the former location for Intermezzo bookstore? It was connected to \"Goatfeathers\" when it was still \"Goatfeathers\" and not \"Goats\".\nYes, Intermezzo was here. Read a magazine and grab a cigar while you waited for your table at Goatfeather's.\nNot surprised given one of their drivers caused a big old car accident/pile up back in late March when they failed to yield pulling out down there on Devine/Harden, I was told the damages exceeded $10,000.\nI remember that day in Five Points and what a huge mess it was indeed! Happening right at four o'clock in the afternoon right as rush hour began too. What I had wondered if it was an actual car owned by Jimmy John's, or if it was the delivery driver's own personal car.", "I think we've had just the one 'Labyrinth' posting previously on the Board, so thought I'd add another, which is a different shape from JAK's, and such a nice change to find a piece of Caithness that is different from the zillions of run of the mill touristy pieces that I see in charity shops every week.\nHere is the earlier piece.......... http://www.glassmessages.com/index.php/topic,42719.msg237690.html#msg237690 ...... and big thanks to Sue for explaining how the effect is produced, although I'd prefer to stick to 'cloisonne' and keep 'primavera' for Botichelli.\nThis one is about 9.5\" (240 m/m) tall, and quite heavy.\nThere is a whole load of really lovely \"studio style\" Caithness glass out there... somewhere. Much of it Limited Edition stuff.\nNot easy to find and not easy to find out about.\nI like that, Paul. I particularly like the tall foot, it sets it off so well.\nthanks Sue - I don't know if their earlier catalogues are available for viewing somewhere - but I agree that these studio pieces seem as rare as hen's teeth - it's just the everyday very mundane pieces that are so common.\nDon't think this one was a limited edition, but could be wrong.\ngeyser called Mark Hill - see page 122 - 'Caithness Glass -Loch, Heather & Peat' - who calls this artist Philip.\nWould have been nice had Peter come straight to the best glass resource forum on the web.\noh, gosh ...... time for me to be put out to grass I think, though I can't of course change the subject heading myself. thanks Christine.\nAll occurrences of \"Peter\" in headings in this thread now changed to \"Philip\".", "Nlogonia is a queendom that consists of several cities located on a big mountain. The capital city is Logville, located on the mountain peak. Logville has a huge lake with a perfectly round shape, appropriately named \"The Big O\". This is the only lake with drinkable water in the entire queendom, so it is used to supply all cities. Some cities in Nlogonia are connected with water pipes that allow the distribution of the water. As there are no pumps, each pipe carries water from a city to another city at a lower altitude, using gravity.\nNlogonia's water system has been a source of worries for the Queen, because since cities depend on other cities for their water supply, hot discussions occur about how much water a city is allowed to use. A water supply path is a sequence of cities in decreasing order of altitude, starting in Logville and such that there is a pipe connecting each pair of consecutive cities in the sequence. Two cities have disjoint water supply if and only if there exist two water supply paths, one supply path ending in each of the cities, such that Logville is the only city that is present in both paths. Notice that Logville itself has disjoint water supply with every other city.\nThe Queen considers disjoint water supply a nice property because it reduces dependency problems and also avoids water outages to spread as quickly through Nlogonia. She therefore ordered a survey to assess the current state of water supply disjointness in the whole queendom. Being the cleverest advisors in the Queen's court, you have been summoned to help calculate the number of pairs of distinct cities that have disjoint water supply.\ned with different integers from $1$ to $C$, in strictly decreasing order of altitude (no two cities have the same altitude); Logville is city $1$. Each of the next P lines describes a pipe with two integers $U$ and $V$ $(1 \\le U < V \\le C)$ indicating that the pipe connects city $U$ with city $V$. You may assume that no two pipes connect the same pair of cities, and that for each city in Nlogonia there is at least one water supply path that ends in it.\nOutput a line with an integer representing the number of pairs of distinct cities that have disjoint water supply.", "You can picture it, can\u2019t you? Your boss tasks you with spearheading your company\u2019s 50th anniversary celebration for your 300 employees and their families. The tasks race through your mind: decorations, food, celebratory accents, music, the venue. The list rolls on and you wonder how, even with an event committee, you will possibly be able to get it done.\nBut then, relief. A company comes along and says it can do it all for you and do it successfully\u2014all you have to do is guide them. It seems almost too good to be true.\nRight here in Knoxville, that company exists: All Occasion Catering.\nAll Occasion Catering is that one stop shop for all types of events, from the 30-person breakfast to the 7,000-person corporate celebration. They are committed to providing the best service possible for all clients and that\u2019s evident in how much they\u2019ve expanded in the last decade, growing in sales anywhere from 8 to 12 percent each year.\nThe All Occasion Catering team drafts plans based on those initial client conversations and then heads out for venue visits, drafting layouts and determining unique aspects such as where the catering will go so that it will be out of site and unobtrusive for event goers.\nThe All Occasion Catering team looks forward to the times when clients come back, year in and year out, entrusting their event in All Occasion Catering\u2019s hands. \u201cWe\u2019ve developed relationships with these folks, so it\u2019s just a quick phone call for them to be able to enjoy the event and not be hassled with the details,\u201d Webster says.\nThat\u2019s just it. All Occassion Catering is much more than a catering company or an event firm; it is a place for relief when it comes to the details of event planning. And in creating that relief and rapport, they are building up business relationships in the community, making it a model for how businesses interact.\n\u201cWe always want to be ambassadors to our city and work with others to make Knoxville better so that we all can build partnerships together.", "Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate Market Insights 2019, Global and Chinese Scenario is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate industry with a focus on the Chinese market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2014-2024 global and Chinese Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate market covering all important parameters.\n3.Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global and Chinese total market of Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and Chinese import/export.\n5.The report then estimates 2019-2024 market development trends of Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out.\n6.The report makes some important proposals for a new project of Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate Industry before evaluating its feasibility.\nFor competitor segment, the report includes global key players of Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate as well as some small players.\nFor product type segment, this report listed main product type of Methyl-2,4-dihydroxy-3,6-dimethylbenzoate market in global and china.", "Looking for a great wide angle prime for your Sony A7S? Look no further. The Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 is a champion. One of the things that I always love to do as soon as I can with a new camera body is to test it with the Contax Zeiss prime lenses. These lenses are the older Zeiss primes, built in Japan by Contax to Zeiss specifications and under Zeiss supervision and quality control. Originally intended for the Contax 35mm film camera, each lens in the series is an optimal design for full frame 35mm cameras. With the excellent performance on film of the near legendary Contax Zeiss 28mm f2, I expected the coverage on the Sony A7S to be very good edge to edge, and after testing I have observed it certainly is.\nThe Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 is a nice size and weight on the Sony A7S.\nThe Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 earned the nickname \u201cThe Hollywood\u201d due to the number of directors and DP here in LA that converted these for moving film use. I simply love the drawing signature of the whole Contax Zeiss Distagon series, but this Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 is exceptionally nice for a wide angle.\nI haven\u2019t found a dog among the Contax Zeiss primes, with most stelar performers even shot wide open.\nToday these lenses sell at prices that are reflective of their rarity, but they are available for rent from several reputable sources.\nAn Excellent condition copy of this Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 can sell for as much or more than a new version Zeiss is building for the Nikon and Canon mounts.\nPrices will continues to rise on the Contax Zeiss 28mm f2 as the demand absorbs the available used stock, lenses get damaged, put into collections, and otherwise taken out of circulation.", "The inaugural Enniscorthy Vocational College Multicultural Day was held on Friday 12th April. A hugely worthwhile, inclusive event, the Multicultural Day gave each and every student the opportunity to showcase their home nation and educate their fellow students. A total of twenty-three nationalities attend Enniscorthy Vocational College and the countries that were showcased at the Multicultural Day included Australia, Lithuania, Nigeria, Pakistan, South Africa, Poland, The USA, and Syria to name just a few! Each country had a visual display of all that makes their individual cultures unique and interesting, including fun facts, history and local traditions.\nThe centrepiece of the day was a food fair, with students and their families, ably assisted by Miss Martina Henderson, preparing national dishes and delicacies from both far-flung countries and ones nearer to home. The school was decorated with national flags representing the twenty-three different nationalities of the school\u2019s students and face-painting was provided by Transition Year students. Lunchtime was filled with music and dance as staff and students entertained those assembled and First Year students participated in a \u2018Where in the World\u2019 table quiz throughout the afternoon.\nThe Multicultural Day created a real opportunity to celebrate both diversity and integration in Enniscorthy Vocational College. To see the pride of students in their native traditions and language was heartwarming. The event, while being a celebration of cultural diversity, also recognised the importance of helping students to acquire skills and positive attitudes to negotiate, communicate and interact with individuals from diverse cultures. Principal Mr. Iain Wickham thanked Ms. Tina Merriman who coordinated the whole event and the staff and students who assisted in a variety of ways in ensuring the day was a tremendous success.", "When Hiring Emergency Restoration Services, Check Their Credentials First. When faced with a fire, flood or sewage backup you not only need an emergency restoration service that can reach you immediately but also a qualified one. A botched up remediation job will make a bad situation worse.\nAt Restoration Connection of Balm, FL, 33503 some of the services that we offer are Hurricane Flood Cleanup and Wind Damage Cleanup.we deliver high-quality services that are tailored to fit our clients\u2019 individual needs.\nAccutech Restoration, located in Sarasota, FL, is a full service, emergency water and fire restoration company. Contact us at (941) 378-0700 to request service. Our certified general contractors handle all repairs, providing the necessary work to restore your property to like-new condition.\nAbout Palm City Water & Fire Damage Restoration Palm City Water & Fire Damage restoration, Property Restoration, Mold Remediation & Leaks Detection are services we offer in Palm City. Our Palm City expert restoration and extraction team is well versed in damage assessment.\nSame day teeth restorations CEREC means CERamic REConstruction and is a tool in our office that can take precise digital imagery of locations requiring restoration and produce the appropriate restoration on the spot.\n1-800-DRY-ME-OUT is the premier provider of flood cleanup, removal and restoration services in Balm, FL and all the surrounding areas. We believe in providing quality, courteous and professional water cleanup and water removal services to ultimately return your home or business back to its pre-loss condition \u2013 fast.", "Members of national and international teaching unions and global justice non-Governmental organisations (NGOs) lobbied the Annual General Meeting of global education and publishing giant, Pearson, today.\nIn the UK, just one of 80 countries where Pearson operates, Pearson owns the Financial Times and published 50 Shades of Grey. But traditional publishing is becoming less profitable. According to This is Money, Pearson is \u2018moving to more lucrative learning and education activities\u2019.\nThose lobbying Pearson today are asking the company to call for an end of high-stakes consequences that are predominantly based on test scores and to reject all practices that promote and support the testing obsession in the UK, US and other parts of the world. These practices include, but aren\u2019t limited to, monitoring of personal social media accounts, gag orders, and retaliation against those who express opinions regarding testing or Pearson products or services.\nThe lobbyists also want Pearson to stop promoting, supporting and advocating the creation and expansion of \u2018low-fee\u2019 private schools which exploit for profit parents\u2019 desire for their children (or one of them, usually the eldest boy, because that\u2019s all they can afford) to be educated. They want Pearson to use its strength, expertise and resources to help develop and strengthen free, public, high-quality education for all children, not just those who can pay.\nTo follow the lobby on twitter go to #tellpearson.\nThis is a companion piece to \u2018The GERM: a virus which is killing the world\u2019s schools\u2019 and \u2018Teachers, parents and students fight to the GERM\u2019.\nNOTES *To see the presentation of the Belgian delegation to the International Summit on the Teaching Profession, click on \u2018Closing country and regions presentations\u2019 in sidebar here.\n**Department for International Aid and Development.\nJanet, if any readers are really interested in some background on Pearson, this thread from Nancy Bailey, though long, is well worth their time.", "MARKS: Crossed swords in underglaze blue; \u201c67\u201d impressed; // incised.\nPURCHASED FROM: Adolf Beckhardt, The Art Exchange, New York, 1941. Ex Coll. Sir Philip Sassoon.\nThis circular dish is from the Smithsonian\u2019s Hans Syz Collection of Meissen Porcelain. Dr. Syz (1894-1991) began his collection in the early years of World War II, when he purchased eighteenth-century Meissen table wares from the Art Exchange run by the New York dealer Adolf Beckhardt (1889-1962). Dr. Syz, a Swiss immigrant to the United States, collected Meissen porcelain while engaged in a professional career in psychiatry and the research of human behavior. He believed that cultural artifacts have an important role to play in enhancing our awareness and understanding of human creativity and its communication among peoples. His collection grew to represent this conviction.\nThe dish is from a large dinner service of which most pieces are Meissen but with some items made at the H\u00f6chst manufactory, presumably as replacements for the Meissen service. With a petal-shaped edge the plate has a molded foliate design on the flange and center known as the Gotzkowsky pattern, after the Berlin porcelain entrepreneur Johann Ernst Gotzkowsky (1710-1775), a pattern also known as \u201craised flowers\u201d (erhabene Blumen) first modeled in 1741.\nHans Syz, J. Jefferson Miller II, Rainer R\u00fcckert, 1979, Catalogue of the Hans Syz Collection: Meissen Porcelain and Hausmalerei, pp. 390--391.", "Q: What can I expect at my first session?\nWe will ask why you're seeking therapy.\nWe will review your rights as a client, and our rights as therapists.\nWe will explain our missed appointments and cancellation policies.\nWe will gather some basics information about you - where you're from, your past experiences, and anything you are wanting to share.\nQ: How long does therapy take? Will my problems be fixed?\nA: We work on a short-term model, however, not all problems are created equal. Typically, you and your therapist will device a custom plan that fits with your goals and how long you want to be in therapy. Some clients choose to complete a few sessions, where as others may continue for a year. The commitment is really up to you.\nA: If you and your therapist are not a good match, we are happy to offer you additional referrals within The Relationship Institute, or we can make referrals to other therapists outside of our immediate network.\nQ: Why is therapy so expensive?\nA: Therapy can be expensive. Like other professional services you receive (legal, accounting, medical), a professional therapist requires licensing and extensive, specialized training in a variety of areas (mental health, behavior, ethics, safety, the law, etc.) Although you may develop a close trusted relationship with your therapist, your therapist is not a paid friend, but a mental health provider dedicated to helping you live a happier life.\nQ: What if I'm Running Late and need to miss my appointment? Or you Can't Leave Work? What is the cancellation Policy?\nA: Every therapist has a different cancellation policy, ranging from 24 hours up to a several days. Therefore, it's important to ask, or read about the cancellation policy in the informed consent. If you do miss your appointment, and aren't able to cancel in time, you will be billed for your session.", "When the term progressive metal pops up, the first band that often comes to mind is Dream Theater. The longstanding metal band has influenced the genre so greatly throughout the years that they, in fact, define what is is to be progressive metal behemoths.\nNow on their 14th studio album, \u201cDistance Over Time,\u201d Dream Theater is showing no signs of growing weary. From the haunting guitar intro in the album\u2019s first song, \u201cUntethered Angel\u201d to the chugging riffs of \u201cParalyzed\u201d to relentless guitars in \u201cRoom 137,\u201d the album keeps the listener at a fever pitch from start to finish.\n\u201cUntethered Angel\u201d is a stand out, and it\u2019s no wonder Dream Theater picked the track to kick off the album. The album starts with an eerie, magical guitar solo that pulls the listener in before letting out an explosive drum and guitar attack, making way for James LaBrie\u2019s melodic vocals.\nThe album\u2019s first single,\u201d Paralyzer, is another gem. With heavy, radio-friendly guitars, catchy rhythms and LaBrie\u2019s angsty vocals, this should fit well alongside bands such as Disturbed and Three Days Grace on active rock radio.\nClocking in at more than nine minutes, \u201cAt Wit\u2019s End\u201d truly shows Dream Theater\u2019s progressive metal roots. What\u2019s extra special about \u201cAt Wit\u2019s End\u201d is the guitar work during the intro, with begins lightning-fast and evolves into a head-bopping mix of riffs.\nThroughout \u201cDistance Over Time,\u201d it\u2019s clear Dream Theater posses the highest caliber of musicianship and songwriting abilities. \u201cDistance Over Time\u201d is an exciting collection of progressive metal that takes the listener on the best kind of musical journey. Whether you\u2019re a longtime Dream Theater fan or being introduced to the band right now, the album should appeal to a wide range of heavy music fans and quickly become a favorite. Ink rating: 9.5/10.", "Is Bitcoin Cash more secure?\nI found in https://www.bitcoincash.org/index.html that this technology is the world's most robust blockchain but searching for the details that explains why it is so secure I don't find any information. Some one knows a source that probes why this technology is secure and some technical information about the security implemented on it ?\nBitcoin is secured through proof-of-work mining using SHA256 as the mining algorithm. Bitcoin Cash uses the same algorithm, so the specialized ASIC hardware used to mine one coin, could also be used to mine the other.\nPoW coins are susceptible to \u201851% attacks\u2019, which are possible when a bad actor controls a majority of the network\u2019s hashpower.\nSo generally, when considering \u2018how secure\u2019 a blockchain is, we consider how possible, or likely, it is for a single entity (or a group of colluding entities) to gain control of a majority of the hash power available for a coin. The more hashpower a coin has pointed at it, the more secure we can consider it to be. This is because an attacker would need a larger amount of hashpower under their control in order to enact an attack.\nFrom fork.lol, we can see that over the last 7 days, the BTC hashrate has been approx 47.3 exahashes/second, while the BCH hashrate has been approx 1.6 exahashes/second.\nBy this measure, Bitcoin Cash is most certainly not \u2018more secure\u2019.\nWhich means security is hard to measure.\nIf you had 1 BTC a year before, and today you open the wallet for the second time and that 1 BTC is still there, miners are not whom to thank.\nAs Nate mentioned, this is just a marketing statement. Any sane coin would try and promote themselves in this manner. Most are incorrect.\nThe most basic counter example being that many Bitcoin mining pools have enough hash power to perform a 51% attack on the Bitcoin cash chain. That alone is enough to not qualify it as the \"World's most robust\" chain.\ntransfer of bitcoin from bitcoin cash wrongly.", "Well there is quite a lot to recognise in the teaser trailer for Total Recall the remake, but at the same time there's a fair bit that's new to it, and not just the faces.\nMind you I have to say that there's plenty that isn't new, and I'm hoping that this teaser has been released a little too early, or the campaign is to show us the familiar before bringing us the new Total Recall.\nWe see the machine, the man coming out of the machine fighting men with guns, fighting his armed wife, and being on the run with plenty of futuristic world shenanigans around him. Yes it looks more modern, but the breakdown of the scenes relates really well to the original, although there's no grimace in the chair moment!\n\"Tell us your fantasy, we'll give you the memory\"\nThe other was the moment where we see the face of Colin Farrell flip from someone else back to his own, perhaps the scene from the original where we see Arnold Schwarzenegger wearing the disguise of the rather large lady, except here it has more realistic looking technology and Colin of course.\nLet's see what you think after watching the teaser trailer for Total Recall through TrailerAddict.\nThe trailer has unsurprisingly been pulled, but rutube still have a copy to watch.\nIf it gets pulled I'll see if it's floating around elsewhere for you. It would explain why the teaser feels less than it should and much like the original. This isn't the edit we were hoping for.\nWell has the new Kurt Wimmer, James Vanderbilt and Mark Bomback written, Len Wiseman directed Total Recall got it right? I think we're waiting for the full trailer.\nHi there it's me, I am also visiting this website on a regular basis, this website is in fact good and the visitors are in fact sharing fastidious thoughts.\nThen how about you skip the comment section sunshine instead of posting your own fastidious thoughts about other people's fastidious thoughts and slipping your spam through.", "So in my quest to keep on cleaning, I have started to go through my old notebooks. I'm bad for writing snatches of fic in different notebooks and I want to consolidate. And my notebooks tend to be this mish-mash of stuff from various years. So I have stuff in here from when I was in grad school, and then from when I was in business training sessions, and then stuff from just a couple of years ago.\nI found tons of snippets from posted SG-1 fic, like Russian Roulette, part of A Priori, and some other stories. I also found a snippet I'd written from Pandora's Box from the SPN side of things.\nBut what cracked me up the most is two really quick notes I'd taken on S3 SPN episodes. This was when I was in denial about the show and I was \"forcing\" myself to watch it every week. I had already seen S1 at this point and fangirled it, but I had not seen much of S2 (only a handful of episodes), and my crazy obsession had died down. Little did I know it was just dormant and I was in denial like whoa.\nDecent ep but oddly placed. Not sure I like Sam keeping secrets, but Sam used to plot devices.\nThemes of vices/human weaknesses. Nice but *word unreadable* Casey and Dean. Saw the priest coming.\nHAHAHA. So funny. I also found some lists and some original story chunks I had been working on, but will likely abandon. Just not very good, you know? And I found some of my first first notes on series I want to write. Tons of notes on any angel story I wanted to write before I had even watched any Supernatural. And before angels were even on that show, heh.\nSo there. Just wait until I get to the OLD stuff. Oh man. That'll be hilarious.", "Periondontal disease or \"Perio\" disease is not just the name of one problem. In fact, when any problems take place in the sulcul (which is the gap between the tooth and the gum), our periodontist Spring Valley refers to it as a Perio disease. It can be extremely harmful to your teeth.\nBacteria is the major culprit behind this disease. Even if you think you have healthy teeth and healthy gums, the gaps in your mouth will be swarming with bacteria. Never be afraid to visit our periodontist Spring Valley for a checkup.\nThere are treatments for periodontal disease but it is always wise of you to prevent the problem before you have to have costly and time consuming treatments conducted. In order to prevent this problem you can start off by adopting healthy oral habits of maintaining hygiene and cleanliness. These might sound very basic things to do but these form the base in preventing diseases related to your gums, teeth, tissues and bones. Brushing your teeth regularly and effectively along with using mouth-wash for cleansing your mouth from the bacteria is certainly a positive step in the right direction. These regular habits can only protect your mouth. For improved prevention, our periodontist Spring Valley recommends you to establish changes in your diet. We recommend brushing your teeth after any meals that contain sugar in any form. Secondly, the in-take of sugary products such as snacks and drinks should be avoided.\nMoreover, our dental clinic recommends that smoking should be avoided if you wish to maintain good health, because smoking has known to be a cause for the development of many chronic problems such as periodontal disease. Getting fluoride treatments through our dentist can also helpful. We believe that a significant factor after self care is to visit your dentist on regular basis and get dental examinations to be aware of any problem that might be arising in your teeth so that it can be treated appropriately.", "Compensation for portions of gardens lost to new bus corridors will be linked to property values, Transport Minister Shane Ross has confirmed.\nIt means that home owners in affluent parts of south Dublin, where property prices are high, can expect a premium to be paid if some of their land is compulsory-purchased for Bus Connects.\nMr Ross strongly defended plans for major bus corridors in and out of Dublin and pledged compensation for gardens lost to the project.\nMr Ross said houses in areas of south Dublin, which are close to his own political base, may lose most. But he insisted that in such cases compensation, tied to property values, would reflect these losses.\nThe plans, signalled by the National Transport Authority (NTA) this week, will take up to 10 years to deliver. Mr Ross said the NTA would in October detail the specific houses likely to be affected and negotiations would be undertaken with householders.\nHe told RT\u00c9\u2019s Se\u00e1n O\u2019Rourke show that the 16 radial bus routes had the potential to revolutionise commuter travel. The plan could halve travel times to and from work, and also attract people to cycle more in Dublin.\nThis would mean tackling pollution and climate change at the same time as easing traffic congestion. He acknowledged that some houses would lose gardens, which was regrettable.\n\u201cIt\u2019s not a completely satisfactory situation \u2013 of course it is not. But there\u2019s got to be space made by taking space off people\u2019s gardens for the public good,\u201d the Transport Minister said.\nMr Ross said there would be particular \u201cpinch points\u201d in south Dublin, around places such as Rathmines and Templeogue.", "How are technology, entrepreneurship and innovation making Philadelphia better?\nThe Technical.ly Philly Meetup hosts a range of events that explore how the local tech community is impacting job growth/retention, digital access/education and government/policy reform in Philadelphia.\nThe events will range from pre-hackathon receptions, civic app demos, digital access discussions and cross-city, cross-community and other partnered meetups.\nOrganized by local technology news site Technical.ly Philly (http://www.technical.ly/philly).\nThis year\u2019s kickoff aims to blend the best of Philly Tech Week 2019 with a 27-year-old tradition of arts and culture in Philadelphia known as First Friday where galleries traditionally open their doors and the sidewalks fill with people looking to see the newest collections. Meet technologists, artists and entrepreneurs alike through this neighborhood-wide, one-night activation. MAJOR KEY ALERT: Our pals in the cloud, Linode, will open up their gorgeous space at 3rd and Arch streets to be the official host for the Philly Tech Week 2019 presented by Comcast Kickoff Festival in Old City! Looking for art to hang in your office or home, and support the local creative community at the same time? Join our \u201cBuy local art\u201d challenge and help us reach the goal of $10,000 of local art purchased by the tech community during Philly Tech Week 2019 presented by Comcast. We are creating a beautiful map of the PTW19 Kickoff Festival footprint featuring the companies and organizations that wish to be open and a part of the event by being represented on the map as a location open for some period of time to the public between 5 to 10 p.m. that first Friday night in May.", "Getting the ball rolling in your creative business can be hard. And it\u2019s especially hard when you\u2019re full of self-doubt and fearful of people\u2019s judgment. To be totally honest with you, I was scared shitless when I first published this blog, scared shitless when I hit publish on my blog post about my Instagram break and scared shitless when I reached out to the people who\u2019s products I included in my recent gift guide round-up.\nEvery single one of those things took me out of my comfort zone. And as I\u2019m writing these words, I still feel some kind of fear. Maybe it\u2019s the fear of taking up space. Or the fear of not sitting quietly in my corner anymore. Maybe, more than anything I fear judgement. I don\u2019t know.\nBut, I am here now. With this blog post, I\u2019m kicking off a series where I\u2019ll take you behind the scenes of my creative process and where I hope to show you at least a part of the things I\u2019m working on in a week :).\nSome Fall essentials. These are gonna be part of a print I\u2019m planning to have in my shop, called \u201cFall Essentials For a Book Lover\u201d or something like that. Those things in the blue mug are supposed to be roasted marshmallows, but they look more like beer foam, I know. I\u2019m gonna redo the illustration, no worries. And, btw, in November it\u2019s still officially Autumn, I\u2019m not that late to the party even if October is almost over, hahaha. I still have to paint a few elements, but I hope to get it all done by the end of this week (btw, this post is going out on a Monday, so actually it\u2019s about stuff I\u2019ve worked on in the last week).\nIn the images above you can see my lousy sketches and how I got from an idea to the final form (well, almost). The florals and the open book are going to be an illustration that I had in mind for quite a few months now (not pictured here is the book that I painted).\nAnyway, I hope you enjoyed this short blog post and if you feel like it leave me a comment or DM me on Instagram.", "Mind you, this is just a teaser and the full video of the 2019 Skoda Kodiaq RS going round the Green Hell will be released tomorrow. But even this teaser is enough for you to realize the beefed-up Kodiaq is a plucky little thing capable of delivering a thrilling drive. Of course, it remains to be seen if it\u2019s also a fast drive when the lap time is revealed, but this is, after all, a mid-range performance SUV. So you can\u2019t expected mind-boggling performance.\nThe engine powering the Skoda Kodiaq RS is a four-cylinder turbo, but the word is it\u2019s actually a diesel, which would be interesting. The car also boasts a body kit that sets it apart from regular models and some fancy new wheels, painted red on the prototype. The Kodiaq RS remains a family friendly SUV, though, in spite of all the performance paraphernalia. It has seven seats and the latest convenience and connectivity features.\nKnown as something of a Nordschleife expert, Sabine Schmitz is familiar with every one of the 73 corners and 300m of hills across the legendary 20.832-km-long circuit in the Eifel region. Schmitz is the first and \u2013 to date \u2013 only woman to have won the famous 24-hour race there and was an obvious choice to pilot the family-friendly seven-seat performance SUV to the finish line in record-breaking time.\nThe post 2019 Skoda Kodiaq RS Teased at the\u2019Ring with Sabine Schmitz appeared first on Motorward.\n2019 Skoda Karoq Scout Looks Kinda Dope!", "Amongst the most widespread electrical wiring concerns is regarding how to wire a change. While applying switches at your house is very straightforward, wiring 1 may well not be that simple for everyone. An ON-OFF switch is definitely quite simple to wire. There are actually different types of switches, but for this instance, let's say you will be putting in a single-pole toggle switch, an exceedingly typical swap (and the most basic).\nYou can find three shades of wires within a typical single-pole toggle switch: black, white, and eco-friendly. Splice the black wire in two and hook up them on the terminal screws - one on top along with the other about the bottom screw with the switch. The white wire serves as being a source of uninterrupted power and it is commonly related to some gentle colored terminal screw (e.g., silver). Join the environmentally friendly wire to the ground screw of one's switch.\nThese measures would commonly be adequate to help make a standard swap perform with no problem. However, in case you are not assured that you just can complete the activity adequately and safely you much better permit the professionals do it rather. Just after all, there is a explanation why this activity is one of the most commonly encountered electrical wiring queries asked by most people.\nFor many purpose, the best way to wire a ceiling fan is additionally among probably the most frequent electrical wiring questions. To simplify this job, you may use a single swap for just a single ceiling fan. To wire the lover, it really is only a make a difference of connecting the black wire of the ceiling fan towards the black wire of your swap. If there is a light-weight, the blue wire really should be connected on the black wire in the swap also.\nYou will find motives why these are typically the most frequently questioned electrical wiring issues. A single, quite a few believe it really is basic to complete, and two, these are typically the widespread electrical tasks at your home. But then you definately shouldn't set your safety at risk in the objective to save money. The stakes could even be substantially higher if you attempt to cut costs and do an electrical wiring task without enough expertise or experience.", "Having seen the little critter at the Malvern Tractor show a few weeks back and taking many detail photo shots - and now ploughing through books and service manuals have now made a start with the transmission engine sump and radiator base and drive many variations have come to light - some info was gained from the Smokestack (spelt Smokestak) forum for details of the brakes/clutch operating system a very informative forum for tractors and industrial equipment.\nI have used the centre part of the axle . The photo of the CASE cross motor 10-18 (the real thing) has the standard transmission casing after asking a few questions about the variations from the (horses mouths) it came apparent the several variations became available due to the transmissions quote \"only drives One rear wheel the other rear wheel clutching onto the power train when the going got tough\" so many transmissions were modified by fitting a truck rear axle some ideas worked some did not !\nI have used the axle type due to the failure of my first attempt just did not look right so a bit of research came up with some very \"vague\" if thats the word I want ! photos and descriptions from various books and of corse the\"horses mouth\"from owners of these tractors .\nThe lever on the right is for the Clutch/brake and hand brake only if the engine is running ! if the engine is stopped there are no brakes ! So I presume someone has to throw a brick under the wheel !!\nThe only reason these variations came to light are because I like to know what things do - to try to get the model close to the prototype.\nBarney, you're gearing up for another good project to follow along.Good start.\nVery cool project, and you're already off to a good start!\nThe Fordson Rail critter \"Well its a start\"", "Rule *266 Rule *266 rescinded-for disposition of petitions, see B.C.R.C.P. No. 206.4(c)(4)(a) and (b); for disposition of motions and other miscellaneous application; see B.C.R.C.P. No. 208.3(a) and (b).\nRule *300 Rule *300 rescinded-for filing office, see B.C.R.C.P. No. 205.2(a)(1).\nRule *301 Rule *301 rescinded-for backer requirement, see B.C.R.C.P. No. 205.2(a)(2).\nRule *302 Rule *302 rescinded-for complete docket number requirement, see B.C.R.C.P. No. 205.2(a)(3).\nRule 440*(C)-*(E) Rule 440*(c)-(e) rescinded-for service requirements, see B.C.R.C.P. Nos. 206.4(c)(2), 206.4(c)(4)(b), 208.3(a)(2) and 208.3(a)(4).\nRule 1034(a)*(1) Rule 1034(a)*(1) rescinded-for disposition of Motions for Judgment on the Pleadings, see B.C.R.C.P. No. 1034(a).\nRule 1920.42(D)*(3) Proceedings Upon Filing of Counter-Affidavit.\nRule 1920.72*(D) Form Of Rule For Interim Counsel Fees And Expenses.\nRule 12.7c Rule 12.7c Discharge Of Fiduciaries Of Certain Small Estates.", "Josephine Garis Cochrane was an independent woman of the mid-1800s. When she married husband William Cochran, she took his last name but added an \u201ce\u201d to the end. And when she realized no one had yet created a proper automatic dishwasher, she invented one herself!\nJosephine led a comfortable life in Shelbyville, Illinois. William was a successful businessman, and the couple often held dinner parties in their large home. She even had servants to clean up afterward. But one morning after a party, she found some of her good china had gotten chipped. She was so upset, she decided to wash the dishes herself from then on. It wasn\u2019t long before Josephine wondered why no one had invented a machine to do the job \u2026 and soon she had sketched out the idea that would become the first commercially successful automatic dishwasher.\nHer design used water pressure to clean, just as today\u2019s dishwashers do. It had wire compartments for the dishes, which fit into a wheel inside a copper boiler. A motor turned the wheel while soapy water sprayed onto the dishes. It was practical, but Josephine had a hard time trying to hire a mechanic to build her machine the way she wanted, instead of insisting on building it HIS way. She finally found a man named George Butters to work with, and the Garis-Cochran Dish-Washing Machine was patented in 1886, three years after her husband died.\nJosephine thought her invention would appeal to other housewives, but it was more of a hit with hotels and restaurants, maybe because it was an expensive appliance for a regular family to buy. She opened her own factory in 1897, and personally sold her machines nearly up until her death in 1913. In 1926, her company was bought by Hobart, which eventually became the modern appliance giant KitchenAid.", "Any pianist who wants to play 20th century pop music and/or jazz needs to know the music of George Gershwin. Gershwin is probably most people\u2019s favorite American composer \u2013 he is certainly mine \u2013 and the quality of his songwriting and innovations at the start of the jazz era laid the foundation for the development of both pop and jazz throughout the 20th century.\nWhile Gershwin may be better known these days for his \u201cserious\u201d works such as the Piano Concerto in F and Porgy and Bess (which he modestly called \u201cthe greatest music ever written in America\u201d \u2013 and I can\u2019t disagree), he was better known in his own time for his songs, most of which were written for musicals, and later, films.\nIn those golden years at the start of the recording era when the piano was still the instrument, Gershwin\u2019s first job (lucky him) was as a \u201csong plugger\u201d in New York\u2019s Tin Pan Alley. His task was to play the latest pop songs for vaudeville performers looking for new material. He took home $15/week \u2013 not bad for a teenager \u2013 though the greatest benefit of the job was deeply absorbing the popular music of the day, which was to serve him well later on.\nAs every musician knows, any piece of music can get old after a while. To sustain his interest, Gershwin learn to arrange and improvise upon the songs he was hired to play. He later did the same with his own tunes, rarely performing them the same way twice at concerts and parties. His characteristic style can be heard on a recording that every keyboard player should know, Gershwin Plays Gershwin: The Piano Rolls (Volumes 1 and 2).\nFrom The Piano Rolls, listen to Gershwin\u2019s recording of his beautiful and timeless song That Certain Feeling.", "In an article in Voice titled \u201cThe digital technology solution to the declining birthrate and aging population,\u201d media artist Dr. Yoichi Ochiai, associate professor and advisor to the president of the University of Tsukuba, wrote that with the birthrate rapidly declining in Japanese society, it was important to first recognize that society was already engaged in a \u201cfighting retreat,\u201d and the standard societal plan of increasing infrastructure to grow the population, and by extension profits and tax revenue, would no longer work. He then argued that the labor shortage could be solved using digital technologies such as robots, artificial intelligence, and 5G (fifth generation mobile telecommunications, which will begin being released in 2020).\nIn particular, regarding methods to care for people with dementia, of which there are expected to be twelve million by 2025, he commented, \u201cIn Japan, there is a tendency to have people with dementia avoid internet and smartphone use, but in countries such as the Netherlands they provide inexpensive tablets as part of care,\u201d and argued the importance of using tech in medical care. According to Ochiai, in Japan one caregiver can support up to 15 people at once, but in the Netherlands they can support up to 40 or 50 people. He also noted that in Japan, \u201cInstead of people trying to approach IT, efforts are being made to bring IT closer to people, but that is creating unnecessary development costs,\u201d and argued, \u201cIt is important for people to approach tech,\u201d such as by having AI and software deal with problems which people used to deal with.\n*This page was created independently by Foreign Press Center Japan, and does not reflect the opinion of the Japanese government or any other organization.", "Interaction session with Sunil Mahto, RTI activist \u2013 Sunil Mahto is a name which is not unknown to anyone working in the legal field in Jharkhand. He has been a passionate RTI activist whose efforts have led to the unveiling of various corrupt practices of higher authorities in Jharkhand.\nIn October 2011, Sunil Mahto was invited to NUSRL for an interaction session with the students of the University. In this session, Mr. Mahto dealt with various queries that the students about the method of filing an RTI application, the present scenario of RTI in Jharkhand. He also shared with the students, his past experiences as an RTI activist.\nHe narrated an incident in which he had discovered huge irregularities in road construction works. He filed an application to inspect the roads under the Ranchi Rural. But the Road Construction Division of Ranchi Rural was reluctant to provide information sought under RTI act. Ultimately, the matter was taken to Jharkhand State Information Commission that ordered the concerned department to allow Mr. Mahto for inspection as requested in his application. Engineers of the department accompanied him on 7th July 2007, during his inspection of the roads. Mr. Mahto prepared a fact sheet during the inspection process that was signed by the engineers during the inspection. It revealed that the work for widening and repairing of five roads were allotted in the year 2003 for Rs. 73 crores. The schedule work was supposed to be completed in December 2005, but even after extending the work twice it was incomplete. Moreover it was revealed that the contractor had been given Rs. 60 crore even before the completion of the work.", "If Belgrade joins the EU in its policy of anti-Russian sanctions, it would mean that Serbia has lost its independence and turned into a colony, said Sandra Raskovic-Ivic, the president of the Democratic Party of Serbia.\nThe government of Serbia wants to join the EU, but it has repeatedly stated in the past that Serbia won\u2019t join EU-wide sanctions against Russia.However, one of the essential conditions for Serbia to get closer with the EU would be to join the sanctions, Serbian newspaper Blic said, citing diplomatic sources in Belgrade.For Serbia it would be the equivalent of a political suicide. The desire of certain Serbian politicians to get EU membership is over-obsessive and can be characterized as \u201cEuro-fanatism,\u201d Raskovic-Ivic said, adding that the pro-EU ideals aren\u2019t popular among ordinary Serbs.\n\u201cWe believe it\u2019s necessary to organize a referendum as soon as possible, so that the citizens of Serbia could decide whether or not we should continue the process of Eurointegration,\u201d the president of the Democratic Party of Serbia told Radio Sputnik.\nThe Serbian politician added that if things continue as they are, Serbia will become a colony that wouldn\u2019t have its own national interests and would simply follow orders from Brussels. One of them would be the forced inclusion of Serbia into the anti-Russian rhetoric of the EU, the politician said.Joining anti-Russian sanctions would be a political suicide for Serbia, Raskovic-Ivic said, adding that Serbia benefits both politically [Russia doesn\u2019t recognize Kosovo\u2019s independence] and economically [Moscow and Belgrade signed a free trade agreement] from friendly relations with Moscow.\n\u201cRussia never took territories from us, never bombed us. But now we\u2019re trying to please those who did it and continue to humiliate us to this day. As a psychiatrist, I\u2019d say that this is the behavior of a psychopath,\u201d said Raskovic-Ivic, who holds a PhD in psychiatry and is the author of many scholarly papers on psychiatry and psychotherapy.", "On my first day of co-op at Canadore, and in my first blog, I wasn\u2019t confident in my abilities and if I really knew what a college actually consisted of\u2026 now I can proudly say that I don\u2019t just know the meaning of a college, but I know how much work goes on behind the scenes.\nI\u2019ve experienced jobs that I didn\u2019t even know could be a career path for me or even existed. Because being a high school student, I\u2019m made more aware of the \u2018common\u2019 jobs like a doctor and a lawyer, or a nurse \u2014 not that there\u2019s anything wrong with those careers, it\u2019s just that I wasn\u2019t passionate about stuff like that. But coming to Canadore felt relieving, as if I finally found something that I can work with to move on as a young adult, which was my co-op goal\u2026 to expand my mindset and find a start.\nIf it wasn\u2019t for my placement at Canadore I would have never taken the opportunity to write an essay and actually have it picked to participate in Rotary's World Affairs Seminar in Wisconsin. I can thank all of the employees at Canadore who welcomed me and prepared me for this accomplishment. They have all been there to help answer my questions and I never would have had enough confidence in my abilities to apply without them.\nBeing able to help in so many different departments, such as International, Human Resources, Marketing and more didn\u2019t only give me a different outlook on potential career paths, but on life, and how many different opinions there are around the world. I can\u2019t help but wonder what else there is to learn.\nNow my co-op experience may be over at Canadore College, but if there\u2019s one big thing I've learned is that the \u2018learning\u2019 never ends and I\u2019m not going to pass up any more opportunities within my reach because I don\u2019t want to be done learning yet.\nThank you to everyone at Canadore College for all of your hard work and giving me this opportunity to learn with you. This is an experience I will never forget!", "David Garfinkel\u2019s headline swipe file book (with analysis and examples) available from Amazon.\nIf you found this post useful, be sure to pick up our Magnetic Headlines ebook. It\u2019s free, and part of the comprehensive content marketing education available from MyCopyblogger.\nI think every poster on Digg this week reads your blog. I\u2019ve never seen so many lists in my life. It\u2019s getting so bad with the lists, I\u2019m almost to the point I don\u2019t want to read a post if there\u2019s a list.\nOf course, I\u2019m still writing posts like that, because it works!\nThe increasing use of lists in posts and articles could be seen as a result of the increasing competition for the readers\u2019 attention. With so much info to wade through everyday lists are the best way to get your info across as quickly as possible. I\u2019m not sure if readers would be too keen to spend much more time reading your blog if its just a series of lists though \u2013 finding the balance, as always, is the key.\nHaving numbers in my post titles also helps me think more concretely about what I\u2019m really saying. Yesterday I posted about the responses of 22 bloggers to the newest version of the coComment blog commant tracking service. Everything in my mind was 22, 22, 22 \u2026 so I was limiting myself to a specific set of individuals, but analyzing that particular group more deeply than I had simply said, \u201cHere are my gut feelings about the general response to this new thing.\u201d Numbers can help people focus.\n1 Reason Why List Posts will Always Work\u2026.. People are *insert your word of choice here* and they don\u2019t like to read. Instead they prefer something that they can skim.\nIn the magazine world, it\u2019s proven that numbers on covers draw in readers more. It has to do with getting to the point, less fluff, more useful information.\nSeems like the same idea fits online lists perfectly.\nHmmm .. I resisted doing this exactly for the reason someone mentioned earlier, Digg is full of lists. But I guess \u201cIf it ain\u2019t broke, don\u2019t fix it\u201d and \u201cIf you can\u2019t beat them \u2013 join them\u201d works well together in this case.", "Even if its an unintelligent thing as it may be, Due to this hot weather and humidity many motorcyclist dont wear full-sized helmets or helmets altogether, to tackle this issue a company named Feher is came up with a new air conditioned helmet and also claims that it is the first ever air conditioned helmet in the world.\nThis Helmet will keeps you cool from inside while riding the bike, as the company claims it gives you up to 10 to 15 percent more coolness from the normal temperature outside.\nHow Does Feher ACH-1 Air Conditioned Helmet Works?\nThe Feher ACH-1 Helmet uses the thermoelectric technology and evenly distribute the filtered cool air inside the interior of Helmet. though it is fully not wireless, it will powered with your bikes Battery and it comes with an harness to connect it to the battery, and if you dont want it to be wired it to the bike then you can power up this helmet by using a 12Kv external battery which will be purchased separately from any electronics store.\nThe company Feher claims that\u201d a 3000mAh battery can power up the helmet for 2 Hours and a 12mAh will give you 6 hours of cooling.\nTalking about the safety part, this Feher Ach-1 Helmet is manufactured with the fibergalss and the weight of its is just 1,450 grams which is quite similar to the weight of all other high end helmets and it is certified by DOT and ECE 22.05.\ncoming to the price, it is available at a price of Rs 42,000 in india, which is said to be an drawback but to have comfort and safety at one place than it can be said as fair price.\nHence these are the details about the new Air Conditioned Helmet called Feher ACH-1 from Feher.\nWhat do you think about this? please let us know in the comment section below.\nPlease Stay tuned with us for more latest Tech News, Automobiles new,s New Cars and Bikes, latest vehicles and new movies updates at one place.", "There is one thing you need to remember when it comes to learning the rules that govern \u201cthe right of the way\u201d: the law just says who must YIELD the right of way, but it does not give any driver the right-of-way. This means that the right-of-way must not always be taken, sometimes it is safer to yield it even if the law is on your side. Today we are covering one of the Missouri permit test question that deals with this rule at four-way stop intersections. Make sure to take the complete Missouri practice permit test for more questions like this!\nDon't know what the answer is but would like to research it yourself? Download a copy of the Missouri drivers manual from the DMV website and go to page 43, it covers all rules that govern the right of way.\nAnswer A suggests that at a four-way stop intersection, the car making a left turn should be given the right of way, provided that two cars arrive at the intersection at the same time. This is incorrect for a very simple reason: if two cars arrive at a four-way stop intersection at the same time, the intersection must be treated as a regular unregulated intersection (of course, everyone arriving at the intersection must obey the stop signs and come to complete stop before going through the intersection).\nNow that we know that the right answer to the question, let's look at possible situations that could arise at such intersections. In these diagrams, the green vehicle will be going straight while the red vehicle will be making a left turn.\nIn this situation, we must apply the rule that requires us to yield to the right of way to the driver on the right. In this car, the green vehicle is located on the right from the red vehicle and the drivers of the red vehicle must yield the right of way.\nIn this diagram, the driver of the green vehicle must yield the right of way to the driver of the red vehicle because the red vehicle is on his right.\nMake sure to read and understand all right-of-way rules in the drivers handbook and take this Missouri practice permit test multiple times before you go in for the real Missouri permit test at the DMV.", "water chiller, ice machine, ice maker manufacturer / supplier in china, offering best price water chiller systems, ice drink machine 5 tons tube ice machine price, snowkey ice plant compressor efficient and excellent tube ice machine and so on.\nbest price newest design water cooled industrial chiller cooling system , find complete details about best price newest design water cooled industrial chiller cooling system,chilled water cooling systems,liquid cooling system,chilled water system from industrial chiller supplier or manufacturer dongguan tongsheng machinery co., ltd.\n2019 2 3 in air conditioning systems, chilled water is typically distributed to heat exchangers, or coils, in air handlers or other types of terminal devices which cool the air in their respective space(s). the water is then recirculated to the chiller to be recooled.\n2019 2 8 our versatile range of air cooled, water cooled chillers and free cooling chiller units ranging from 20kw up to 2mw.\nfind great deals on ebay for water cooled chiller in ac and refrigeration units. shop with confidence. find great deals on ebay for water cooled chiller in ac and refrigeration units. shop with confidence. skip to main content. ebay logo shop by category or best offer. free shipping.\n2018 7 30 atlas thermal systems is one of the very few water chiller manufacturers in india. our cooling equipment is well received across industries and all over the country. the quality excellence, post sale service and market best price are key reasons behind it.", "Secure online registration is available now.\nGroup Registration - If you wish to register a group of people, please do so below.\nCancellations must be advised in writing or by confirmed email to the Conference Secretariat by 8th February 2019. Otherwise there will be a $150 cancellation fee. Refunds will only be issued in exceptional circumstances after this date, but substitute delegates are acceptable.\nAll registrations will be acknowledged in writing. If you do not receive a written acknowledgement upon the completion of your online registration, please contact the Secretariat to ensure that your details have been received.\nWe suggest you make a copy of this form for your own records. Registrations will only be acknowledged once payment has been received.\nAustralia has a Federal Goods and Services Tax (GST) of 10%. Overseas delegates are not exempt from paying this tax. All fees and costs quoted in the brochure are GST inclusive. The Meeting People Trust is registered for GST\u2014 the ABN 14 568 939 746. Upon online payment you will receive a tax invoice.\nIn case of industrial disruption or other external events causing disruption to the meeting, the Local Organising Committee, ASDG and the Meeting Managers of the ASDG 2019 Interim Scientific Meeting (The Meeting People Pty Ltd) accepts no responsibility for loss of monies incurred by delegates.\nPersonal information, as defined under the national privacy legislation, The Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2001, will be treated in accordance with the National Privacy Principles and only shared with related or third parties in accordance with those principles.\nThe Conference Program and registration information is correct at the time of printing. However, the organisers reserve the right to change the information where necessary without notice.", "HilarySpice BarbieNutz livejasmin. TOPGIRL19. nikcoll. ChadTroy.\nANNYBAEZmelanyCandygirlAmeliaSugar20ErikaGrace .MiraGoldBabyCarolineHotyNinfauroramuscledreamz .crisbellhotAnetteGeekMrmaximojackblack2016 .nikcollmuscledreamzhuomeiguisexygaby0812 .Antonia321HotXXXAmazona1AlvingreenGraceBlondie .AliceSweetTransEvaNataliawildmariaeuAlexParkers .sweetmomentluvSunBeam4uSayaIsOnFayaSayaIsOnFaya .kendallrosseMrmaximoAntonia321TOPGIRL19 .DominiqueBissetKathyWillAdamStoutmelanyCandygirl .Candyboy193LumberDamianBlackDickBunnyTail .HoootKitty1SamyDiamondMarinydKennethWills1 .\nMichelleCrownAdolfTOWNToriLeoneSlavaAndCalvin .PerfectKristenLittleAlicaMichelleCrownJanetFriendly .IssaKempAmeliaSugar20BillyPassionXkarlablackhot .AdonisZorDamianBlackDickMiraGoldBabyMiraGoldBaby .samaraaxxxErikaGraceAdamStoutCarolineHoty .HoootKittylollipopxgirlBunnyTailcrisbellhot .Partyboi911jackblack2016HoootKittyWOW .BunnyTailSoulRevolutionnSofiaPassionLaynaGrace .nikyXluvaSofiaPassionCharmingBEAUTYxx1Alvingreen .samaraaxxxBonnetRoxanamuscledreamzMichelleCrown .crisbellhotizahotxxx2AnetteGeekcarlossexy25 .", "Hearing our children begin to speak and form sentences can be a very exciting thing for a parent! As these moments start happening we see our children begin to gain independence and feel that we can almost see our child\u2019s wheels \u201cbegin to turn\u201d as their thought processes form! Of course there is no magical age that children achieve this milestone, we typically see this begin after their first birthday. As parents and caregivers there are some things we can do at home to encourage this language development that is key to a toddler\u2019s development.\nWhen we ask children questions or comment on an action they are doing we must allow them time to respond. As adults we sometimes ask a child a question such as \u201cwhat are you doing?\u201d and then answer it ourselves if it takes them longer than a few moments. Patience is key, if a child learns that they do not have to speak for themselves because an adult always does it for them they will not continue to try.\nTaking time to sit down and narrate while your child is playing can be very effective. Try to see each situation as an opportunity for language. As your child brings toys out to play phrases such as \u201cgood morning white teddy bear\u201d will catch their attention as well as \u201clet\u2019s stack the yellow blocks on top of the blue blocks!\u201d You will only be explaining the play that they are already doing and encouraging them to repeat back to you. As children begin speaking with basic words expand on their language; if they say \u201cgrape\u201d reply with \u201cyes, that\u2019s a green grape.\nMost importantly \u2013 read, read, read! And sing. And then read some more! Did you know that words and sounds heard by a child before the age of three have the most potential to be remembered forever? When we sing to children we expose the phonetics of words in new ways as well an opportunity to be silly! The more we introduce our children to different sounds and words the greater potential they have for a vast and long term understanding of language!\nAre you wondering if your child is on track with their milestones? Chat with the staff at your Valley Child Care program or check out our Pinterest board here!", "Is Your Dog\u2019s Bad Behaviour Due to Boredom?\nHave you ever gone out to dinner with friends and come home to a roll of toilet paper unrolled across the floor? Or a piece of furniture gnawed around the legs? Do you wonder why your dog does things like that and then greets you at the door wagging his tail?\nHe does it because dogs are pack animals and social beings, and they really don\u2019t like being left alone\u2026they get bored! Companionship is vital to their well-being. If no one is there to give it to them, they do something to get your attention.\nThese negative behaviors are all too common among dogs in empty houses, so if you have a job and have to be away from home all day, your dog is probably a good candidate for dog day care. But even if you are home with your dog, socialization is important.\nJust as people need more than only dogs for socialization, dogs need more than just people. They need to be in a safe environment where they can move around freely and play with dogs who can become familiar to them. Leaving a dog at home crated may be safe, but it\u2019s not good for socialization. Like people, dogs need to have essential social skills, which they learn from other dogs.\nAppropriately socialized dogs do not get into fights. If they look like they\u2019re fighting, chances are they\u2019re just wrestling \u2013 only biting the other dog from the neck forwards (scuff and soft part of neck, muzzle, head, and ears). That\u2019s a way for dogs to let off steam and exercise, and they won\u2019t hurt each other.\nFor more information on proper canine socialization practices, contact or visit the expert staff at Dogtopia, located at 1100 Burnhamthorpe Road West in Mississauga (905-949-8091).", "Vienna offers not only classical music and chocolatte cake, but also international organisations, events, meetings, jobs and a lot of fun.\nVienna is not only the capital of Austria, but also one of its nine federal states. St. Stephen\u2019s Cathedral, considered the center of the city and 171 meters above sea level. Vienna is the city in Europe with the highest ratio of green space, such as Stadtpark (with the most frequently photographed motif in the city, the golden Johann Strauss monument) is joined by the woods and grassland of Prater, the extensive Sch\u00f6nbrunn Palace Gardens, sections of the Vienna Woods, vineyards, farmland and the wetlands of the legendary Danube River.\nVienna owes its universal appeal to the way it excitingly combines imperial nostalgia with a highly creative cultural scene, responsibly cultivating a precious heritage and charming traditions whilst taking on board the latest trends. Architecture dating from imperial times has left an indelible mark on the city. Magnificent edifices, predominantly in baroque, historicism (\u201cRingstrasse\u201d) and art nouveau styles, and the city\u2019s grand scale cause you to forget that this is the capital of the small Republic of Austria with just under 8.5 million inhabitants. In Vienna, you re-live the romance of a long-lost empire.\nVienna, as a city of music, enjoys a paramount reputation around the world. No other city has been home to so many composers of international renown. Some, such as Schubert, Strauss, Schoenberg and Berg were born there, others, such as Mozart, Beethoven, Haydn, Brahms and Mahler chose to live there. It boasts one of the world\u2019s finest orchestras \u2013 the Vienna Philharmonic \u2013 as well as the Vienna Symphony Orchestra and several other orchestras and ensembles of note. The Vienna State Opera is one of the world\u2019s leading opera houses, and is joined by three more in the city (Theater an der Wien, Volksoper, Kammeroper).", "TGS Baltic acted as a legal advisor to ERGO Life Insurance SE in structuring and implementation of the transaction of transfer of the 2nd pillar pension funds managed by the company in Lithuania to UAB DNB Investicij\u0173 Valdymas.\nAfter the closing of the funds transfer transaction on 13 November 2014, the number of clients of UAB DNB Investicij\u0173 Valdymas reached 156,000 and the value of the assets under management \u2013 LTL 875 million. After the Bank of Lithuania issued a permit on 29 July for ERGO Life Insurance SE to transfer the management of its 2nd pillar pension funds in Lithuania, almost 37,000 residents of the country became new clients of UAB DNB Investicij\u0173 Valdymas. Assets accumulated by them in the 2nd pillar pension funds amount to over LTL 180 million.\nIn this process TGS Baltic, represented by Partner Marius Matonis and Senior Associate Mantas Gofmanas, was an advisor to ERGO Life Insurance SE on legal issues, which structured the transaction, prepared documents related to its initiation, performance and closing, as well as represented the company in the Bank of Lithuania for the purpose of obtaining permits necessary for the transaction.\nERGO is one of the leading insurance companies in Lithuania and the only one that offers insurance of all types: non-life, life, pension and health insurance. ERGO life insurance company was a company with the oldest insurance traditions and the longest history of operation in the Lithuanian life insurance market. ERGO Life Insurance SE is the first European company with headquarters in Lithuania.", "* Complete warranty details available at www.amana-hac.com. To receive the Lifetime Unit Replacement Limited Warranty (good for as long as you own your home) and 10-Year Parts Limited Warranty, online registration must be completed within 60 days of installation. Online registration is not required in California or Quebec.\nWhen your new air conditioner is paired with an Amana\u00ae brand gas furnace with ComfortBridge technology, performance data from the spilt system is gathered and used to make automatic adjustments that may help reduce the amount of energy used to cool your home.\nYou can be assured that your Amana brand air conditioner will provide you with quiet operation. To minimize operating sounds, we\u2019ve acoustically engineered our systems with enhancements that include a compressor sound-reduction cover made of high-density foam and a specially designed sound-control top.\nEnergy efficiency equates to cost savings. Your Amana brand ASXC16 Air Conditioner offers up to 17 SEER energy-efficiency performance. \u201cSEER\u201d stands for Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio, a measure used by the U.S. Department of Energy to rate the cooling efficiency of air conditioners and heat pumps.\nThe higher the SEER, the greater the efficiency\u2014and the lower the operating cost. Compared to lower SEER units found in many homes, am Amana brand ASXC16 Air Conditioner provides significant savings on your electric bill.\nThe compressor in your new air conditioning system is covered by a Lifetime Unit Replacement Limited Warranty* on selected gas furnace, air conditioner and heat pump models, good for as long as the purchaser owns his/her home. If the compressor or heat exchanger fails in use at the original registered homeowner\u2019s residence, a new furnace or condenser will be provided at no charge. All remaining functional parts are covered by a 10-Year Parts Limited Warranty*. For a full description of all warranties applicable to this product, please see your local Amana brand dealer or click on the consumer brochure and product warranty links above.", "The Kombu (Tamil:\u0b95\u0bca\u0bae\u0bcd\u0baa\u0bc1) or Kompu also known as the Kombu Pattu is a wind This musical instrument is usually seen in south India. The instrument is History - Usage. 30 Apr - 8 min - Uploaded by Venkiteswaran Mr Kombu or trumpet is a tradition instrument used in festivals or Kerala the southern most state of. 28 Jun - 16 sec - Uploaded by petiso8 \u0ba4\u0bae\u0bbf\u0bb4\u0bcd \u0b87\u0b9a\u0bc8\u0b95\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bb0\u0bc1\u0bb5\u0bbf\u0b95\u0bb3\u0bcd TAMIL MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS | \u0baa\u0bc1\u0ba4\u0bc8\u0ba8\u0bcd\u0ba4 \u0bb5\u0bb0\u0bb2\u0bbe\u0bb1\u0bc1 PUTHAINDHA VARALARU.\n8 Mar - 2 min - Uploaded by keralavadyakala kerala indian percussion instrument kombu. keralavadyakala. Loading Unsubscribe from. 27 Sep about the musical instrument Kombu,kombu pattu, watch video of Kombu pattu. Century Polish Shofar at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston - The shofar (or ram's horn trumpet) was an instrument used in Jewish worship. Poland, like many.\nBuy Kombu Combo Jazz & World Music: Read 3 Digital Music Reviews - Amazon .com. Cultural News. International Theatre Festival 10th International Theatre Festival of Kerala from January at Thrissur, Kerala. New Delhi Art. 4 Nov This musical instrument is usually seen in Kerala state of south India. The instrument is like a long horn (Kombu in Malayalam language). Kombu or the horn is a traditional temple wind instrument that is an In this performance leading horn players come together to demonstrate the musical. 27 Feb Popular wind instruments - Kombu and Pungi The Pungi is a popular wind musical instrument of South jrgymandbike.com is also known as Been or Bin.", "Avengers Mini Muggs | 'TAIN'T THE MEAT\u2026 IT'S THE HUMANITY!\nAs if appearing in one of the highest-grossing films of all time wasn\u2019t enough, The Avengers have also been immortalised as Mini Muggs.\nPart of Hasbro\u2019s Mighty Muggs range, these three-inch tall vinyl toys were released in 2012 and feature six members of Marvel Comics\u2019 popular superhero team: Iron Man; Thor; Captain America; The Hulk; Hawkeye and Nick Fury. Sadly there\u2019s no sign of The Black Widow \u2013shame really as I\u2019d have liked to have seen a miniature of Scarlett Johansson\u2019s Russian spy.\nTypical of the Mighty Muggs range all six toys are well made, satisfyingly chunky and well painted. Each figure has limited articulation to the head and arms and four of them \u2013 Cap, Thor Hawkeye and Fury \u2013 come with accessories.\nThese super deformed figures are pretty damn cute. I especially like Iron Man\u2018s shiny armour.\nThe Avengers Mini Muggs: Iron Man!\nThese three-inch versions follow the same characteristics as their six-inch Mighty Muggs counterparts, although I think they look better at the smaller size.\nThe Avengers Mini Muggs: Thor!\nThe Avengers aren\u2019t the only Marvel characters to get the Mini Mugg treatment: Loki; The Abomination; Red Skull and Iron Monger are also available.\nSadly Hasbro have discontinued the Mini Muggs range but the toys are still readily available; I bought all six of The Avengers from Amazon for just \u00a322 \u2013 that\u2019s a bargain at \u00a33.60 per toy. Perfect Christmas stocking fillers for comic book fans I reckon.", "October 22-25 the International Exhibition Center Crocus Expo hosted the annual exhibition InterCHARM 2014 which is the largest event of the Russian, CIS and Eastern European perfume and cosmetic market. Last year\u2019s event marked the 20th anniversary as the most important exhibition of the beauty industry. This year the exhibition covered 20,000 sq.m, gathered 920 participating company (the leading manufacturers of the industry) representing 33 countries.\nDuring four days of exhibition program the participants discovered novelties of the beauty industry, namely perfumes, cosmetics, SPA and beauty institutes\u2019 products, equipment and products for hair salons, eco safe products for house care, and much more. The visitors had a chance to take part in business discussions, educational trainings, and competitions. Delivery World\u2019s representatives attended the InterCHARM exhibition as well; but they did not come to the show to enjoy the displayed beauty products, but to hold several appointed business meetings.\nDelivery World regularly performs airfreight shipment of perfumes and cosmetics from different countries of the world to Russia and CIS. Apart of meeting the existing customers using Delivery World as their trusted freight forwarder for long time, we offered our international airfreight solution to new potential customers. The industry experts supplying quality beauty products from abroad, and foreign customers just striving to open new horizons of the Russian market were impressed by our solid experience, and got interested with our offer.\nInterCHARM resulted in conclusion of several agreements for airfreight of perfumes from France and USA, salon and SPA equipment from Japan, medical wear from China, organic cosmetics from Korea, anti-age cosmetics from Italy, and hair treatment products from Switzerland. Some other cooperation agreements will be signed shortly.", "Virginia wide receiver T.J. Thorpe said there was no conflict with the coaching staff or anyone else that caused him to transfer from North Carolina after last season.\nHe was just looking for a better fit for himself.\nThe senior has found it at Virginia, where he's one of the Cavaliers' top play-makers.\nAnd on Saturday when Virginia (2-4, 1-1 Atlantic Coast Conference) looks to build off its first conference victory when it travels to North Carolina to play the Tar Heels (5-1, 2-0), Thorpe won't have revenge on his mind.\nHe missed the first three games with a broken collarbone, and played sparingly in the fourth. Thorpe has started the last three, and while he has just eight catches, one of them went for 75 yards and a touchdown.\n''My career has been clouded with injuries,'' Thorpe said Monday. ''Anything you can think, I've pretty much been through as far as my time at Carolina. Ultimately me and my family just thought it was probably best for me to change scenery.\nBeyond his play-making ability, Thorpe also brings a perspective that has already helped the Cavaliers.\nIn one of his seasons with the Tar Heels, they started 1-5 and lost to Miami in a Thursday night game. Thorpe said the loss tripped an attitude switch in the UNC locker room and North Carolina won six of seven the rest of the way.\nHe shared the story with the Cavaliers as they were losing four of their first five games.\nIt would help if Thorpe and quarterback Matt Johns can regain their timing and chemistry.\nThorpe said he was surprised to see the Tar Heels on Virginia's schedule this year. Johns said that's not the case, he said the receiver has known all along that he would see his old teammates but is trying not to become the center of attention.\n''That's just goes to show you how selfless he is,'' Johns said.\nThe Tar Heels, meanwhile, know what they lost when Thorpe left, and what he can do on the field.\nAP Sports Writer Joedy McCreary contributed from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.", "With over 34 years of combined experience, Buller Crichton Environmental Inc. brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to your health and safety needs. We are focused on finding solutions to your occupational health and safety challenges and ensuring workers return home healthy and safe at the end of the day.\nFrom the design and management of large scale hazardous materials remediation projects to complete risk assessment evaluations of manufacturing and mine sites, Buller Crichton Environmental Inc. is here to protect workers and ensure everyone\u2019s maximum potential is achieved.\nInformation: These changes to the asbestos-related occupational health and safety regulations change the asbestos requirements when working in Federal jurisdiction.\nDaily air sample collection near the containment, in the clean room and inside the containment (as necessary) are now required.\nThe minimum number of air samples ranges from two to five samples depending on the size of the work area.\nThe Occupational Exposure Limit (OEL) for all forms of airborne asbestos fibre has been lowered.\nMust not exceed 0.1 fibre per cubic centimetre (or f/cc). Previous limit of 1 f/cc.\nAsbestos-Containing Material (ACM) = 1% by dry weight.\nWhen an ACM is disturbed and where there is the potential for a release of asbestos fibre, an Asbestos Exposure Management Program is required (including obligations for a hazard investigation to be carried out by a qualified person).\nThe cost of work-related accidents and illness is estimated to be $9 billion dollars to the Canadian economy.\nIn Canada there are approximately three occupational fatalities every day.\nRadon is the second leading cause of lung cancer in Canada after smoking. Health Canada states that approximately 3,200 Canadians die each year as a result of radon induced lung cancer. Contact us today to discuss your testing options.\n\u00a9 2017 BULLER CRICHTON ENVIRONMENTAL INC. All Rights Reserved.", "United Way Volunteers held its 39th Annual Volunteer Awards luncheon celebrating the giving spirit of volunteers who made a difference in the lives of others. More than 250 people attended the event held at Savannah Station.\nEducation Award winner: Cassie Beckwith, Urban Hope Inc.\nHuman Services Award winner: Brad Green, Family Promise of Effingham The Herschel V. Jenkins Volunteer of the Year Award was selected from the winners above. Mr. Jenkins was a visionary and a community building volunteer who believed in the work of United Way and the importance of giving back to the community. The award went to Brad Green. A monetary prize of $1,000 was awarded to Family Promise of Effingham.\nA $500 scholarship award, given by Critz Auto Group, was presented to the highest scoring youth individual in honor of their outstanding service. The winner of this is award was Cera Schulke for her volunteer service through Coastal Pet Rescue.\nAdditionally, United Way Volunteers acknowledges the critical role that professional volunteer administrators play in each of our nominees\u2019 service with the Shirley Sessions Volunteer Administrator of the Year Award. Shirley Sessions, a veteran leader of United Way Volunteers, is a passionate and dedicated advocate who understands and embodies the power of service to make our community stronger. The 2018 Volunteer Administrator of the Year award went to Lily McCormick of Senior Citizens Inc.\nSpecial thanks go out to volunteers who took extra time evaluating the nominees. Volunteer Awards judges were Rabbi Robert Haas, Congregation Mickve Israel; Betsy Able, South University; Cindy Jefferies, 2017 SCCPS Teacher of the Year; Alton Wright, Gulfstream Aerospace; Selah Gardiner, Community Representative; and Louise Coniglio, Georgia Association for Volunteer Administration.", "There's a new hero in San Diego, and his name is Randy.\nThe Turner Family Trio lived across the street of our suburban neighborhood when I was growing up. They hunted snakes in the canyon with their flabby-bellied beagle, raised crops of corn and other produce in their front yard, and built cabinetry in their garage, grinding away with a high-pitched, high-powered circular saw at all hours of the day and night.\nMy parents have kept me up to date on this eccentric family over the years. Mr. Turner passed away a while back, and his son has since moved out, leaving 87-year-old Mrs. Turner in charge of the homestead. Last Friday, she was unexpectedly in the news.\nWatching TV in a back room, deaf Mrs. Turner was oblivious to the raging inferno devouring the front of her house. Randy, a twenty-something surfer-dude from next door, charged into the smoke and dragged Mrs. Turner out to safety. Both are currently doing fine, and Randy has been hailed as a hero by local authorities. He has a tattoo that says: Do What's Right. Fear Nothing. How\u2019s that for inspiration?\nI can't help but have hope for humankind when I hear a story like this\u2014unlike the reaction most of us had when we heard about Hugo the Homeless Hero last month in New York. Like Randy, he did what was right and feared nothing\u2014but he died for it.\nHow do Randy and Hugo relate to my writing? I'm inspired by people who do extraordinary things, risking their own lives for others. Christlike, sacrificial love for another human being is a rare thing to find in this world, and it makes for some of the greatest stories ever told. I just have to be fearless enough to write more like them.", "Two heroic penalty saves have seen Albion stopper David Stockdale shortlisted amongst the Championship hopefuls for the PFA Fans\u2019 Player of the Month awards.\nThe goalkeeper was in scintillating form for the Seagulls in January as they clinched three league victories from four matches.\nHe faces fierce competition for the award from Leeds striker Chris Wood, Cardiff defender Sean Morrison, Bristol City\u2019s Tammy Abraham, Norwich defender Timm Klose and Reading striker Yann Kermorgant.\nThe shortlist was chosen by Sky Sports panel which is made up by Paul Merson, Peter Beagrie, Mike Riley - general manager of the Professional Game Match Officials - and Malcolm Clarke, chairman of the Football Supporters\u2019 Federation.\nStockdale kicked off January with a crucial early spot-kick save, denying Fulham\u2019s Stefan Johansen\u2019s early set-piece in a game Albion went on to win 2-1.\nDespite conceding twice against Preston North End in Brighton\u2019s first defeat in September, the 31-year-old refound his fine form in their thrilling 2-1 with over Sheffield United.\nHe saved Fernando Forestier\u2019s 65th-minute penalty and superbly blocked the follow-up effort with the scores level at 1-1, before Anthony Knockaert hit his second of the match to give Albion a 2-1 victory in a clash that saw three red cards.\nStockdale rounded off the month with a clean sheet in their 1-0 victory over Cardiff that sent Albion back to the top of the Championship.\nVoting closes at 7pm tonight, to cast yours, visit PFA Fans\u2019 Player of the Month Award voting.", "This year, The Legoland Windsor Resort are putting on the celebration of the century. Which Lord will be hosting the HAUNTED HOUSE MONSTER PARTY?\nOpening on Saturday 13th April, join us for a monster party at Lord Vampyre's spooky new Haunted House, celebrating his arrival in the LEGOLAND\u00ae neighbourhood. Fun for the whole family, he'll turn the house upside down!\nTERMS AND CONDITIONS for \u201cSun Superdays April 2019\u201d (the \u201cCompetition\u201d). These terms should be read with our general competition terms at: http://www.bauerlegal.co.uk/radio-competition-terms.html which also apply to this Competition.\nThe prize winner will be chosen by selection electronic random draw on Monday 13th May 2019 from all entries which meet the criteria in item 4. This is a shared prize across all entry platforms (as detailed in item 2) with one winner.\nStart Date and End Date. From 10th April 2019 at 00:00 (Start Date/Time) to 17th May at 1400 (End Date / Time).\nOpen to UK residents aged 18 years or over on date of entry.\nThe overnight stay is based on a family of 4 (two adults and two children) sharing a themed room at The LEGOLAND(R) Castle Hotel. The prize winner is entitled to the choice of staying one night in a Wizard themed room or a Knight themed room. The room is bookable for any day during the open season 09.03.18 to 01.11.18 subject to availability. Breakfast is included and dinner is a set menu in The LEGOLAND Castle hotel Tournament Tavern restaurant.", "Josslynne is currently a lecturer in Ship Stability, Structures and Maintenance and Celestial navigation at South Tyneside College, where she delivers specialist training to Merchant Navy officers from all around the world.\nI joined the Merchant Navy as a Deck Cadet training to be a Navigation Officer. [\u2026] almost all of our work revolves around science and physics, from working out speeds, turning circles and stopping distances to weather forecasting, chemical and gas cargo care and even fire fighting!\nMy role was to ensure the ship, her cargo and all the passengers on board remained safe at all times. I was responsible for the planning of, and maintaining, the safe navigation of the vessel as well as being responsible for the health and safety of everyone onboard. If there is an emergency on a ship you cannot call 999 for help [\u2026] When in port I was responsible for the safe loading and unloading of cargo as per company and legal requirements, as well as maintaining communications with other vessels and ports.\nI got a Distinction for my HND (Higher National Diploma) in Nautical Sciences and passed my professional ticket which is a little like a driving licence but for a Ship!\nOne of the best things about her time as a Deck Officer was being able to travel the world and get paid to do it. Josslynne has sailed to Asia, remote islands in the Pacific ocean, the Norwegian Fjords and even to Svalbard in the Arctic Circle, the most northern settlement in the world.\nLook around, not just at the \u2018normal\u2019 or \u2018obvious\u2019. Go to as many careers fairs as you can and listen to the types of careers that are around. There will always be a career that you had never heard of and that one might just be the one for you!", "\"O my people, what have I done unto thee?\nAnd wherein have I wearied thee? Testify against me.\"\nFrom a sermon by Preacher Clark at Grandma's house, mid to late 1970.\nGod blessed Israel beyond what anyone could have hoped for in the ancient world, and in the end, He was so unwelcome among His own people that when He sent messengers to them, His messengers were ridiculed, abused, and even killed. In the end, and with great sorrow, He withdrew Himself from Israel and let them have their own way without Him. After showing for centuries a patience towards His people that only He possesses, God lamented, \"I will go and return to my place until they acknowledge their offence and seek my face.\" Consequently, the Jews became the most hated and abused people in the history of the planet. Any book written on the history of civilization that is of any significance will at least mention the long, sad tale of Israel's persecution and suffering throughout the millennia, in whatever country the Jews have lived.\nIt is not one of the laws of physics that God's presence has to be among us, either. As Preacher Clark said in that Sunday afternoon sermon, \"If you don't appreciate the presence of God, He'll get out.\"\nMay God grant to us the grace to appreciate Him and the presence of His Spirit. When Israel built the golden calf at Mount Sinai, there was the possibility that God might not go with Israel into the Land of Promise. Realizing this, Moses begged God, \"If your presence does not go, do not send us up there\" (Ex. 33:15). This is how every wise man feels. If God's presence is not in a place, wise men are not interested in being there either.", "The Presbyterian Mission Agency welcomes and encourages participation from all people, and we hope that all who are involved with our congregations and the Presbyterian Mission Agency feel not only welcome but encouraged to return. Our Racial Equity & Women\u2019s Intercultural Ministries has extensive programs and resources for people of color. Additionally, every ministry area has opportunities for volunteer service or for those who feel a call to ministry. If you\u2019re looking for employment in the Presbyterian Mission Agency, you can find information on open positions here. If you\u2019d like to know more about volunteer service, you can find opportunities for service here.\nMany of our congregations joining the church through the 1001 New Worshiping Communities movement are racially and ethnically diverse. We are encouraged by this growing movement and the sense of welcome many feel there. You can find out more about that movement here, and see maps of these congregations.\nFor items of interest specifically for people of color, read through the list below for options.\nInformation on Schools and Colleges Equipping Communities of Color. If you\u2019re looking for grants or scholarships, you can find those in our office of Financial Aid.\nIf you\u2019d like information on African-American Congregational Support, you can find that here.\nIf you\u2019d like to learn about National Black Presbyterian Caucus, you can find that here.\nIf you\u2019d like information on Strengthen Connections with communities of color, you can find information on that here.\nIf you\u2019d like information on Intercultural Ministries, you can find that here.\nIf you\u2019d like information on Racial Justice Ministries, you can find that here.\nIf you\u2019d like information on the office of Women\u2019s Leadership Development and Young Women\u2019s Ministries for Racial Equity & Women\u2019s Intercultural Ministries, you can find that here.\nIf you\u2019d like information on racial equity Presbyterian women\u2019s groups, you can find that here.", "DPA Company, which is the premium business partner of Falcongaze Company in Belarus, completed the project for the introduction of the SecureTower system, designed to ensure information security and work processes control, into the corporate network of Belarusky Narodny Bank (OJSC BNB-Bank).\nSecurity of information area for organizations of the banking sector of the Republic of Belarus today is not only one of the most important tasks when building a reliable, productive and growing business, but also an integral part. In this regard Belarusky Narodny Bank together with JLLC DPA implemented a project to establish a system for the control of sensitive information based on the SecureTower software solution by Falcongaze Company.\nAccording to Michael Zalevskiy, Head of Corporate and Information Security in OJSC BNB Bank, the introduction of the SecureTower software significantly increased the level of information security of assets and resources of the bank as well as of its clients and partners.\n\"The fact that our information perimeter is now controlled with the SecureTower DLP system enhanced the prestige of Belarusky Narodny Bank among organizations of the banking sector of the Republic of Belarus, as well as our business partners and clients. We can say with confidence that this project contributed to the growth of awareness and culture of the bank's employees in matters of information interaction. What is more, at the initial stage of use of the system we were able to significantly reduce the costs of human and technical resources. We would also like to note the transparency of implementation of the SecureTower system in the information infrastructure of the bank, as well as the high level of professionalism and quality of services provided by the specialists of the DPA and Falcongaze companies,\" said Michael Zalevskiy.\n\"When selecting a tool for information security and preservation of banking secrecy in Belarusky Narodny Bank the specialists of this institution paid considerable attention to the wide functional, logical interface, the dynamic development of the product, including, in accordance with the wishes of customers, as well as professional and timely service support. Software SecureTower by Falcongaze Company became thus a tool to meet all the above requirements,\" said Ivan Karanevich, customer service specialist in JLLC DPA.", "There\u2019s an old school-of-thought in playwriting that if you introduce a gun over the mantelpiece in Act 1, you had better use it before the end of the show. I thought of this during the last half of \u201cSuper Monkey,\u201d Jon Ferguson\u2019s latest piece, when a fruit plate is continually promised \u2014 but never shows up.\nIt seems like a trivial point, but in the largely plotless piece, I was looking for anything to keep my attention. The work \u2014 now playing the Dowling Studio \u2014 tosses tons of ideas against the wall, but too few of them stick, leaving long stretches where the only thing to contemplate is the make-up of that fruit plate.\nSet at some high-tech, high-end urban condominium, \u201cSuper Monkey\u201d follows the lives and foibles of the residents, employees and occasional passers-by. It\u2019s more a collection of skits, observations and images than a full-fledged story \u2014 and there\u2019s nothing wrong with that approach at all. However, that work needs to be engaging \u2014 funny, dramatic, thought-provoking, something \u2014 to work. Instead, the piece (created by the ensemble, so they can all share in the blame) doesn\u2019t get much further than the \u201cmodern people are shallow\u201d trope that was played to death many years ago. The occasional brilliant moments \u2014 Anthony Sarnicki\u2019s bits as a B-list TV actor \u2014 show the piece\u2019s potential, but there isn\u2019t enough here to fill a small side dish, let alone a full platter.\n\u201cSuper Monkey\u201d runs through Oct. 4 at the Dowling Studio at the Guthrie Theater, 818 South 2nd Street, Minneapolis. Tickets are $18 to $30. For information, call 612.377.2224 or visit online.", "Storing of Fresh Eggs - Whether Agriculture Produce?\nHome Latest Update IT Judgement Storing of Fresh Eggs \u2013 Whether Agriculture Produce?\nStoring of Fresh Eggs \u2013 Whether Agriculture Produce?\nApplicant was having a cold storage for storing of agriculture produce out of cultivation of plants and poultry eggs which are produce of rearing of life animals/poultry farming, Applicant is registered under GST Rules and is paying tax on storage charges of the processed agriculture produce and other products. According to Applicant eggs are produce of live chicken farming and are not further processed. Hence their storage in cold storage is covered by S. No. 24 of Notification No. 12/2017-CT (Rate) and has argued that service of storing fresh eggs should not be chargeable under GST.\nAgriculture produce is defined under clause (d) of para 2 of Notification No. 12/2017 and accordingly eggs are produced out of rearing of chicken (Poultry Farming) for food and as per definition of Agricultural Produce, any produce out of rearing of all life forms of animals, except the rearing of horses, for food, fibre, fuel, raw material or other similar products, on which either no further processing is done or such processing is done as is usually done by a cultivator or producer which does not alter its essential characteristics but makes it marketable for primary market. Thus Fresh Eggs in shell on which no further processing is done are covered under definition of \u201cagricultural produce.\u201d Hence, charges received by appellant would be exempted from payment of GST under N. no. 12/2017.\nPrevious articleFines and Penalties paid for redemption of goods confiscated for breach of import regulations is not Deductible.", "The Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (\u201cMSRB\u201d) is updating dealers on the status of a new requirement for brokers, dealers and municipal securities dealers (collectively \u201cdealers\u201d) to report for inter-dealer transactions the contractual dollar price at which the transaction was executed. The MSRB will announce the new implementation date in a notice published on the MSRB website at least 10 business days in advance of the new implementation date, which shall be no later than March 29, 2013.\nInter-dealer transaction reporting is accomplished by both the purchasing and selling dealers submitting information about the transaction to the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation\u2019s (\u201cDTCC\u201d) Real-Time Trade Matching System (\u201cRTTM\u201d). Information submitted to RTTM is forwarded to the MSRB\u2019s Real-time Transaction Reporting System (\u201cRTRS\u201d). The SEC previously approved the MSRB rule change to require dealers to report for inter-dealer transactions the contractual dollar price at which the transaction was executed, in addition to the information currently reported. The change will provide RTRS with an additional data point to use in its evaluation of which dollar price should be disseminated from RTRS for price transparency purposes. This requirement was scheduled to become effective on November 5, 2012 but was postponed due to the effects of Hurricane Sandy on DTCC\u2019s systems.\nDue to ongoing DTCC systems disruptions caused by Hurricane Sandy, the MSRB has extended the implementation date of this dealer reporting requirement to a date not later than March 29, 2013. MSRB will work with DTCC to implement this change as soon as practicable and will provide at least 10 business days of advance notice of the implementation date.\n File No. SR-MSRB-2012-10. Comments on the proposed rule change should be submitted to the SEC and should reference this file number.", "1)shipping/delivery time according to the shipping way your choose (Refer to the following table),if not hurry suggest select AliExpress Standard Shipping(commonly 20-35 days).\n3) Item Processing Time can be 3 to 7 working days commonly.\n1)We/seller bear the delivery Risk, If damaged during shipping please tell us within 72 hours since item received, then we will redeliver damaged parts to you within 2-5 workdays.\n2)Inspect all orders immediately upon arrival. Please do not sign up the order of the goods if you find any damage of the package. And ask the carriers verify the incidents, then please send us the photos of the damaged shipment, we will reply soon whether we send you a replacement or refund to you.\n3)If the product is defective/damaged, please notify us within 72 hours since receipt.\n4) We obey Aliexpresss standard return & refund policy, If the item need be returned, all components must be returned in their original package condition, and not be used, installed or modified, and the buyer is responsible for all retuned shipping costs incurred.\n5)Price does not include Customs Tariff, Buyer need pay customs Tariff (if have) as an importer.\n-------Your feedback is very important for us and will encourage us do better, we sincerely invite you to leave positive feedback for us if you are satisfied with our product and service. If you are not satisfied with our product or service, please dont hesitate to contact with us before giving a non positive feedback or dispute, we would solve the problem as soon as possible. It will just take you 1 minute. Thank you!", "For generations, YMCA Camps have provided children with rewarding experiences an a lifetime of memories. Y Healthy Kids Camps are more than just something to do. At camp, we are committed to providing children with a healthy spirit, mind and body. It's an exciting, safe community for young people to explore the outdoors, build self-esteem, develop interpersonal skills and make lasting friendships and memories.\nWith so many demands on today's families and the increased focus on early childhood development, families need all the support they can to nurture the potential of youth. The Y provides a safe, nurturing environment for children to learn, grow and develop social skills.\nWe believe the values and skills learned early on are vital building blocks for life. We help kids set and achieve personal and educational goals in a child-centered environment of warmth, friendliness and freedom. At the Y, children and teens learn positive behaviors while exploring unique talents and interests, helping them realize their potential. For more information on other Education & Leadership, contact your local YMCA.\nAt the Y, youth actively learn about developing healthy habits and much more. They gain confidence from learning to swim or playing sports, building positive relationships that lead to good sportsmanship and teamwork. It's about building the whole child, from the inside out. Our programs are positive, fun activities that build athletic, social and interpersonal skills. Adaptive programs available.\n\u200bThe YMCA of Dane County \"United\" Swim Team is made up of the Lussier Family West YMCA and Lussier Family East YMCA. Each location holds practice at their own facility for their swimmers, but the team competes together as one \"United\" Team (YDC United).", "Have you ever ever wondered why someone would spend a lot money on a designer handbag and never purchase the imitation knock-off handbag for much much less? Remember to take a look via our choice of males\u2019s, women\u2019s and children\u2019 luggage ! Handbags can add a chic contact to any outfit and leather-based handbags have an amazing look of style and a wonderful feel to them as properly. This is one thing the pretend luggage often occasions get flawed.\nThis includes the set up of filtered air, piped-in music and mushy lighting so the handbags feel a way of comfort once they aren\u2019t being worn. The design just isn\u2019t the one thing that makes ladies love these purses. I really realized fairly a bit about Vera Bradley handbags and found an amazing place to buy the one that fit my wife one of the best.\nSling Luggage \u2013 Some girls love to hold light-weight bags with an uber-chic look. If the description states the handbag is a \u201creplica\u201d or \u201cdesigner impressed\u201d then the bag is not authentic. Buckles on the genuine luggage will probably be completely sq., not rectangular or round.\nLook to pastel coloured handbags to proceed the 90s grunge theme, or go luxe with metallics and animal skins. Designer handbags will be expensive due to their high quality, since they\u2019re made out of top of the range fabrics and materials and are made to be sturdy and final a long time.\nPeople complain about the high price tags on designer handbags, clothes, footwear, and accessories. One other purse type is the usual purses which are available all sizes and shapes. Coach outlet stores often carry all of the collections but at important prices.", "> I don't like the duplicate hydra:allowedIndividual(s) property. using @type seems intuitive but I guess we don't to have an individual used as a class. So how about simply \"hydra:individual\"? This would be more in line with supportedProperty/property pair.\nfeedback I will update #82.\n> Also do we already have the hydra:title defined? If not I'd simply used rdfs:label.\n>> the values as individuals in the default vocab, here enum values in schema.org (see below and ).\n>> such as @language or language map would work, too ).\n>>> in embedded form for the moment.\n>>> I see the label-value problem, too. I'll try to make it work with @type:vocab.\n>>>> Just to chime in - I agree also.\n>>>> to my lack of understanding about OSLC though.\n>>>> downs on the page.\n>>>>> of potential values a very important one.\n>>>>> residence of a user and expect an item from a resource in the same API as value.\n>>>>>>>> I do not think the ontological model of a property covers it.\n>>>>>>> Perhaps not all cases, but I think for many.\n>>>>>>>> vocabs, see the usage of goodrelations enums from schema.org.\n>>>>>> What about the other hand [from issue text]?\n>>>>>> it might not be suitable in a particular context.\n>>>>>> than two weeks away from the event date.\n>>>>>> which status changes are available for a resource right now.\n>>>>>> Are there OWL constructs which would allow me to do so?\n>>>>>> :Joe must be the same resource and happily accept the change request.\n>>>>>>> aware that a modeling-based solution also exists.\n>>>>>> that over defining new hydra properties.\n>>>>>> What do you have in mind, maybe owl:Restriction?\nNext message: Thomas Hoppe: \"Re: Enumeration values\"\nIn reply to: tomasz@t-code.pl: \"Re: Enumeration values\"\nNext in thread: Thomas Hoppe: \"Re: Enumeration values\"", "Mattress Steam Cleaning. To get rid of those unwanted bed bugs, dust mites and other mites causing eczema and asthma from your mattress where you spend long hours to rest after a long day.... Steam you mattress by attaching a microfiber cloth to your triangular tool in order to insolate steam and pass slowly on the mattress. Set the steam cleaner on low or medium pressure to avoid pushing bed bugs deeper into the mattress instead of killing them.\nThe how to clean mattress from bed bugs are all about the glowing colors, princesses, and dolls. It is popular knowledge that almost all of the girls like to possess their own bedding to become painted using bright colors such as pink, red, or yellow.... Steam the entire mattress on both sides and on the edges by cleaning edge to edge in 2-foot sections. Mix ? cup of borax in a gallon of water in a bucket. Pour the solution into a spray bottle and spray the mattress on both sides and the edges until the entire mattress is damp.\nHow to clean your clothes after bed bugs pressurized carbon dioxide snow, and steam and heat treatments. In some cases, infested mattresses and box springs will need to be discarded. Since bed bugs can disperse throughout a building, it may also be necessary to inspect adjoining rooms and apartments. Laundering is an important step in the treatment of bed bugs, and keeps your clothes... 3/09/2010\ufffd\ufffd Video Tutorial on Killing Bed Bugs on Mattresses with Steam.\nSteam Cleaning Unlike vacuuming, steam cleaning is generally very effective at killing any bed bugs or eggs that come into contact with it. Extreme heat will kill them quickly (anything over 120 degrees Fahrenheit or so), and most steamers will exceed this temperature.\nSteam the entire top and sides of the mattress, flip mattress by leaning against a wall and steam the underside of the mattress. Continue in the same manner on top, sides and bottom of the box springs.", "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that the United States \u201cwill take care of\u201d the North Korea issue after its latest missile launch, and that the basic U.S. approach to dealing with Pyongyang will not change.\nTrump has tightened sanctions on North Korea and pressured China to do more to help rein in Pyongyang\u2019s ballistic missile and nuclear ambitions. North Korea fired what the U.S. Pentagon said appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that landed close to Japan on Wednesday.\nTrump said the missile launch did not change what he called the \u201cvery serious\u201d U.S. approach, a week after he put North Korea back on a U.S. list of countries that Washington says support terrorism.\n\u201cI will only tell you that we will take care of it... It is a situation that we will handle,\u201d Trump told reporters during a meeting with Republican congressional leaders at the White House.\nU.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis, who was also at the meeting, said the ICBM launch was a higher trajectory than any test conducted thus far by North Korea and called it part of a research and development effort.\n\u201cIt went higher frankly than any previous shots they have taken,\u201d Mattis said.\nHe said South Korea retaliated by firing some pinpoint missiles into the water to show North Korea that the U.S. ally would not be rattled by Pyongyang\u2019s launch.\nNorth Korea has said its weapons program is a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention.", "The United Kingdom Hydrographic Office (UKHO) has launched the latest free-to-attend ECDIS Implementation, Policy and Procedures Seminars, the first of which will be held in Bergen, Oslo and Rotterdam next week.\nCaptain Paul Hailwood, an internationally renowned expert on ECDIS and integrated bridge operations will lead the seminars.\nThe seminars have been established to help all within the shipping industry gain an improved understanding of how best to utilise digital navigation systems at sea, as required by international regulations including the International Safety Management Code (ISM) and the SOLAS-mandated carriage of ECDIS.\nIn 2011/12 the \u2018Are you ready for ECDIS\u2019 seminar was delivered to over 860 delegates around the globe and in 2012/13 the \u2018Implementing your ECDIS Procedures\u2019 seminar was delivered to almost 1500 delegates in similar locations. The \u2018ECDIS Implementation, Policies and Procedures\u2019 seminar continues to offer clarity on ECDIS-related questions, visiting 23 global maritime locations throughout 2014.\nEach seminar will clearly identify the stages of ECDIS implementation, focusing on key topics for the delegate\u2019s and comprise a short review on the 9 stages to ECDIS transition. Details on the necessary onboard legal requirements, risk assessments and safety procedures for the operational use of digital navigation systems will be discussed. There will be advice on hazards, with information on the incorporation into Safety Management Systems (SMS), bridge procedures and the development of effective and practical control measures for using ECDIS at sea.\nAttendees will be able to submit questions and concerns on ECDIS-related issues throughout the seminar and light refreshments will be served. Attendees will also be provided with complimentary ADMIRALTY reference material.", "Up Your App Game with CA UIM.\nSee why businesses are choosing our unified infrastructure management solution over the competitors.\nSee how CA UIM helps organizations like yours.\nA financial services company switched from SolarWinds to CA UIM and improved the end-user experience by up to 50%.\nGEK Holdings switched from HP to CA UIM because the solution provides better visualization of their Infrastructure Health.\nSee for yourself how CA UIM stacks up against the competition.\nMarket research firm Apprize360 rates CA UIM the highest against HP, SolarWinds and Microsoft. And among open source IT infrastructure monitoring and management solutions, including Nagios, Zabbix and Icinga, CA UIM wins again.\nWe were using IBM Tivoli solutions that did not meet monitoring requirements for numerous reasons, like the lack of scalability and technology.\nPreviously we had multiples tools to monitor IT infrastructure and other apps e.g ManageEngine to monitor databases, Nagios to monitor telco devices (switches, and routers, etc.). We switched to CA UIM because we had a lot of issues when we tried to correlate events and get unified metrics from our monitoring tools databases, in the same way we had maintain multiple tools and open tickets with multiples vendors.\nWe previously used BMC. CA UIM shines like the sun compared to BMC with night and day differences in stability, scalability, functionality, features, and quality of support.\nBetter tools get better results.\nAfter replacing BMC with CA UIM, a large enterprise consumer products company improved root cause identification by up to 35%.\nOne financial services company reduced operational chaos by up to 50% when they replaced from BMC monitoring tools with CA UIM.\nWhat\u2019s the potential financial impact of choosing CA UIM?", "Shoes from DKNY, Created for Macy\u2019s, can answer the call of both women who are obsessed with shoes and ladies who are looking to build a strong collection of essentials. You\u2019ll spot many different shoe types in a variety of colors; pairs that match your style and make you smile.\nA neutral lover\u2019s dream. DKNY, Created for Macy\u2019s has an amazing assortment of shoe colors to explore and the collection has a sweet spot for neutrals and soft shades. You\u2019ll find black shoes that are far from basic thanks to embellishments like scalloped edges, cutouts or studs. You\u2019ll also want to swim in a pastel pool of pale pinks (aka the new neutral), light blues and creams. The brand has made it simple to find your \u201ceveryday shoe,\u201d whatever that means to you.\nEmbrace the platform. DKNY, Created for Macy\u2019s has platform shoes that can rise to any occasion. Platform sneakers are having a huge moment right now and the brand has a plethora of options! Reach for platforms shoes when you need to casually elevate an outfit. For those moments that require dressier shoes, try a pair of platform heels, espadrilles and boots.\nMules are eternally cool. Want to dress up jeans, skirts and dresses in a flash? Then go with a pair of mules. Modern mules and slides range from flat options to teeny-tiny block heels to midi heels. City slick designs feature sophisticated accents including metallic touches and texture.\nEveryone needs a pair of sneakers. Casual sneakers are a must for every closet. Lace-ups and slip-ons are decorated with the DKNY logo, bold graphics and classic athletic accents. If the shoe fits, then wear it! Explore shoes from DKNY, Created for Macy\u2019s, to find all your favorites.", "In April of 2007, the National Commission on Election Reform released this study, which looks at the effects of moving presidential preference primaries earlier in the election cycle. Twenty-seven states will hold their primary/caucus on February 5, 2008, so that the traditional \"Super Tuesday\" of March will be moved to February.\nThe United States Commission on Civil Rights studied the 2000 election in Florida and found that the proceedings were \"marred by voter disenfranchisement.\" The report, Voting Irregularities in Florida During the 2000 Presidential Election (June 2001), cited multiple problems that led to many citizens not being able to vote. The USCCR is an independent, bipartisan, fact-finding agency of the Executive Branch.\nThe National Commission on Federal Election Reform issued their Final Report (July 2001) on the November 2000 elections. The report discusses the types of voting machines and ballots used and the problems they caused. The report also suggests changes that can be made to improve the voting process.\nBetween 4 million and 6 million votes in the 2000 election were lost due to problems with ballots, voting machines and registration, according to a new study by the CalTech-MIT Voting Technology Project. Voting - What Is, What Could Be (July 2001) suggests solutions for voting problems, including same-day registration and optical scanners, the most reliable voting method.\nRelive one of the closest elections in American history with this collection of Election 2000 Materials from the Stanford University Law School. This site gathers all the legal documents and court opinions for the court cases brought after the election. The site also provides links to other relevant Web sites.\nA National Science Foundation report recommends Internet voting at polling places over \"remote Internet voting systems.\" The report was commissioned by the White House in 1999. Learn more about the results in Wired (3/6/01).", "My name is Christian, I am from Freiburg, Germany. I am a hobby-photographer and graphic artist.\nI am using Photoshop and since nearly two years DAP. DAP is an outstanding programm, unique and very useful.\nAfter having fun with presets for a while I began creating my own color palettes and brushsets...that's the real magic.\nThe possibilities are endless. You can do so much more with DAP than \"van-goghing\" boring holiday pics.\nDAP can also be used for creating really modern, even abstract artwork.\nI wrote several times to the Mediachance support, I want to let them know how great their product is and I want to show them aspects of DAP they maybe never recognized...but nobody answered me.\nI've placed DAP in the Badische Zeitung in Freiburg, a big newspaper in the southwest of germany. Their graphic artists now use DAP. I've told that to Mediachance because this could be an advert for german customers to buy DAP...but nobody answered me.\nI had questions about the template editor in DAP...but nobody answered me.\nIn the meantime I've wrote a detailed manual about using the template editor and created more than 80 abstract and popart templates.\nThe last post in the mediachance facebook account is from 2014, the last post in DAP Cafe is from 2012!\nDAP is an excellent product with the potential to make much more earnings than it does but the people from Mediachance are so poor in customer support and even advertising...unbelieveable.\nTo the Mediachancelers: Be sure, I will never try to communicate with you again.\nYou do know that Oscar ( Mediachance ) is the only person at Mediachance owner and programmer.\nSo he is a busy person as you can imagine.\nIf you had posted here in the forums i expect you would of got an answer to your questions.\nWelcome kawboy. You sure bring a lot of energy into the place you enter, dont you?", "This chapter is an extension of the Model patterns chapter. Here we focus our attention on composite model patterns. That is characteristic structures that encompass a much broader scope than patterns in the Model patterns chapter. We would like to examine the emergent properties that arise in a collection of models.\nA learning machine is trained by fitting a model to observed data. The model in practice can consist of millions of parameters. This implies that training will likely overfit the data and therefore lead to poor generalization. Effective training thus requires technique lead to improved generalization by avoiding overfitting. Models with good generalization are able to make accurate predictions on data that the machine has never observed before in training. Ideally, one would prefer to have a machine to be able to explain at how it arrives at a conclusion. Unfortunately, ANNs are black boxes that have millions of uninterpretable parameters. Despite this, ANNs have discovered to have several recurring characteristics in trained models. One would hope that a trained model would coalesce into regions that reflect semantics, unfortunately studies have shown that the resulting models have random like characteristics. Despite this randomness, researchers have found emergent structures. Curiously enough, the model's parameters appear closer to random are found in machines that have very good generalization. Studying collections of models reveals a kind of duality between abstraction and consensus. A model is able to capture abstract concepts however isolating those abstract concepts is usually difficult to do. Models can also be built up from consensus. Models constructed thorough consensus leads to knowledge is diffused among many sub-models. Knowledge diffusion is likely fractal in nature such that models can diffuse knowledge across many layers or across neurons in the same layer. We shall see this as we explore this area that this recursiveness is common in many patterns. A machine at a high conceptual level has three properties. These are depth, width and multiplicity. Depth determines the layers of abstraction. Width determines the diffusion of ensembles. Multiplicity contributes to weighting of ensembles.\nOne key question to determine if a pattern should be included in the Composite Model category is \u201cDoes the pattern affect behavior in both training and inference stages?\u201d An additional criteria is that Composite Models consist only of constructs that come from the Model pattern category.", "I took a bite of breakfast cereal as I rubbed my sleepy eyes and turned the page of the Tampa Tribune. Whoa, doggies! I almost spewed my Wheaties as my own life-sized face smiled back. Well, it wasn\u2019t quite life-sized but it was sure big enough to show the crows feet and under-eye luggage. Wouldn\u2019t you think they might have magical picture putty for that?\nAnyway, I was completely shocked at the full-page article on page 6 of the main section (I thought it would be much smaller and tucked into a back page somewhere). But at the same time, I felt completely blessed that God had arranged the details of my life to start the new year out with such a lovely plug to my writing ministry.\nHe\u2019s the Lord of details, you know.\nOne of my favorite stories to prove this has always been when Jesus\u2019 disciples were sent to search for a place to have the Passover dinner (Last Supper) and found that Jesus had pre-arranged all the details down to the man meeting them with a pitcher of water on his head (Mark 14:12-16).\nIt came to my attention this Christmas season that the same was true of the Wise Men who followed the star to find Baby Jesus (Matthew 2:1-21). God had pre-arranged all the details. Daniel was captured and taken to Babylon 500 years before; the Magi, descendants of Daniel\u2019s people (at least they were remnants of his faith), traveled 900 miles for more than a year to arrive at just the right time to offer their costly gifts to Mary and Joseph. The gold, frankincense and myrrh funded the poor family\u2019s emergency flight to Egypt (just after the Magi\u2019s last camel disappeared over the hill) to save Jesus from the death raid of jealous King Herod.\nWow! It\u2019s humbling and incredibly encouraging to know the Creator of the Universe somehow finds the time to manage even the smallest details of our lives. It makes it much easier to trust Him with the big stuff, doesn\u2019t it?", "Jeremy Bacon of the British Lung Foundation on the vital role volunteers are playing in helping people with lung conditions.\nEvery five minutes in the UK somebody is diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Many more people are living with COPD and its debilitating symptoms without knowing they have it, or that help and support is on hand.\nThis World COPD day (16 November), an army of British Lung Foundation Breathe Easy group volunteers are holding awareness events across the UK encouraging people in their communities to take the British Lung Foundation online breath test and to act upon the results.\nCorrect diagnosis of COPD is the first step of the journey that increases understanding and leads on to access to treatment and help that really makes a difference. Increasingly, people with COPD are being encouraged to join or set up Breathe Easy groups so that they can benefit from health information and peer support as well as social activity and friendship.\nAn evaluation of the British Lung Foundation\u2019s volunteer-led Integrated Breathe Easy groups has shown that people with COPD who attend the groups will gain knowledge, skills and confidence that will help them to stay well. Being part of Breathe Easy increases wellbeing and reduces the likelihood of medical emergencies and crises.\nThrough Accelerating ideas, more people than ever will have access to Integrated Breathe Easy groups across the UK. A new volunteer model is strengthening the foundations of Breathe Easy, and groups are being supported to extend their activity to include weekly singing, exercise, or other innovative and fun ways of welcoming everyone affected by respiratory illness, supporting their health and wellbeing.", "Hardwired Microphone MultiCables are rugged, reliable, single unit multicable assemblies designed to replace individual mic cable runs.\nAvailable in a variety of economical configurations, Hardwired Microphone Multicables replace the clutter and tangle of too many single microphone cables. Just one Wireworks hard-working, hard-wearing Hardwired Microphone MultiCable will ultimately organize and simplify the overall operation of your entire sound system.\nHardwired Microphone MultiCables combine clearly identifi ed central mic input with direct plugging output to your mixers, consoles, and processing equipment; they are clearly the answer for permanent and semi-permanent installations. Their convenient confi guration, which reduces set-up time and saves you money, also makes them ideal for smaller, portable systems. Hardwired Microphone Multicables give you Wireworks quality, dependability, and reputation in the most cost-effective cabling package around.\nHardwired MultiCables are offered in models sized to support 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 19, 27, 36, and 50 channels. Each is available in standard lengths of 50, 100, 150, 200, and 250 feet.\nFour different Hardwired Mic MultiCable Series are available: HM Series (chassis-to-tails), HMX and HMQ Series (chassis-to-tails with XLR or 1/4 TRS phone plug returns), and HMT Series (tails-to-tails configuration).\nWireworks Hardwired Microphone MultiCables - delivering consistently, reliably, under any circumstances.", "PORTLAND, Maine \u2014 A federal judge tossed a lawsuit Friday from a group of fishing associations that challenged the creation of an underwater monument in the Atlantic Ocean.\nU.S. District Judge James Boasberg granted the Trump administration's motion Friday to dismiss the suit. His ruling said the groups failed to adequately explain why the monument is too large.\nBoasberg wrote that the lawsuit hinged on whether Obama had the authority to use the Antiquities Act to create the monument. He ruled that \"just as President Roosevelt had the authority to establish the Grand Canyon National Monument in 1908 ... so President Obama could establish the Canyons and Seamounts Monument in 2016.\"\n\"This decision guarantees that one of the most fragile and scientifically important areas in the North Atlantic will be protected from destructive activities like oil drilling and industrial fishing,\" said Peter Shelley, Senior Counsel at Conservation Law Foundation.\nAttorney Jonathan Wood, who represents the fishing groups, said he doesn't know yet if there will be an appeal.\nWood said it's disappointing that a court would uphold the use of the Antiquities Act to the ocean beyond the nation's territorial sea. He thinks it's an issue for the U.S. Supreme Court to ultimately decide.\n\"It's certainly an important issue that affects the president's power to unilaterally control the ocean,\" he said. \"And it's a purely legal question, whether 100 years after a law is enacted, a president can adopt a clever reinterpretation of the statute to enlarge his own power.\"\nBeth Casoni at the Massachusetts Lobstermen's Association said they'll continue to fight the fishing restrictions that were imposed within the monument. Bonnie Brady at the Long Island Commercial Fishing Association said the ruling sets a \"scary precedent\" because conceivably any president could create another monument in their fishing areas.", "HIDDEN TREASURES: Among the art objects found in an Amesbury attic are a work by Andy Warhol, above.\nHIDDEN TREASURES: Among the art objects found in an Amesbury attic are a work by Andy Warhol, right, and several by Jean-Michel Basquiat, including the above. Inset, an autographed title page of a book by Warhol.\nPreviously unknown works by pop art icon Andy Warhol were unearthed in an Amesbury attic and will be auctioned off next month.\nMeader had been hired to auction off the belongings of Harriett Gould, who passed away last year. In the attic, Meader found boxes belonging to Gould\u2019s son, Jon, who was partners with Warhol in the 1980s. Jon Gould died in 1986 at the age of 33, and his mother kept his belongings since then.\nOne piece that will be up for auction is an intentionally broken canvas, painted with red, grey and yellow, that Warhol gave to Jon Gould. The piece likely represents a relationship that was strained and volatile, Meader said. The work is being valued at between $500,000 and $1?million, though Meader said it could ultimately sell for more or less than that.\nRichard Polsky, who authenticates works by Warhol, said previously unknown Warhols do pop up from time to time.\nPolsky said Jon Gould is a well-known name among those who follow Warhol\u2019s life closely, and frequently appears in Warhol\u2019s diaries. Gould, who was an executive at Paramount Pictures, is known to have been showered with gifts by Warhol.\nMeader also found a print of Warhol\u2019s iconic Marilyn Monroe paintings, along with pieces by Jean-Michel Basquiat, whose work recently set the record for the most expensive work of art sold at an auction.", "How do I get my Pilots Licence?\nTake a trial flight. This will give you first hand experience flying a plane which will help you decide whether or not you want to take the big step of starting your training. Furthermore you will be able to discuss important decisions such as your end goal and budgeting with someone who has been there, done that, and is now doing it - your flight instructor.\nBecome a member of the aero club and book your first flight. You can book online here or by any of the details on our Contact page. Your instructor can book a regular time slot for you, or you can book as and when suits. To avoid repetition of lessons, you should try to fly weekly. However we do understand that life is busy and you have the power to pick and choose when to fly.\nThere are six exams which you can sit at the club and your instructor can help you to prepare at bargain rates, or you can self study for free. You can order your study materials through the club and there are sometimes second hand books available. We also have practice exams available which closely resemble the real thing.\nOnce you are ready, and only once you are ready, you will sit an exam with a flight examiner. The examiner is very experienced and fair. We have only had two failures in ten years which is a tribute to our hard working students, committed instructors and quality examiners. We will not pressure you into any tests, flights or situations which you are not comfortable with or ready for. Our instructors are experts at measuring the abilities of students and you will be well looked after.\nNow you can hire the plane and fly your friends wherever you want to go. You could take up competition flying and sharpen your skills, or you could even continue upskilling with a Commercial Pilots License (CPL) so you can get paid to fly or an Instructor Rating so you can share your knowledge and skills.\nOur instructors are always keen to help you achieve your goal so never be afraid to ask lots of questions. There is no such thing as a dumb question!", "Use our site hdbackgroundpictures.com to explore other countries, landscape scenes, ideas and famous people. Great photos and free pictures enable you to view different things that you may never normally be able to see. Beautiful pictures help you to learn about other ideas and visual aspects that are available in the world that can broaden and expand your horizon and your view on life. For example, take a virtual walk on a beautiful forest path or virtually visit an foreign country... or maybe you prefer to enjoy a virtual front row wallpaper of your famous celebrity.\nPhotos are helpful to expand your mind. Take a breath and experience a moment of tranquility, excitement or just plain \"awe!\" You can do that right here on our site hdbackgroundpictures.com as you find amazing pictures to download. A picture says a thousand words and it can even tell a whole story by just a simple glimpse. Desktop pictures can inspire your world and or change your heart. Enjoy downloading Sir Alex Ferguson The Career free pictures or use our search tool to find other photos that you can download free. Each free wallpaper image has a download button that you can click on and then from that screen just right click on the picture to download it free to your iPad, mobile phone or desktop computer. Rating Sir Alex Ferguson The Career and other background pictures is a cool thing to do and is free and easy too. There is no special account or email address required! Sir Alex Ferguson The Career background pictures, Free wallpaper hdbackgroundpictures.com including HD hdbackgroundpictures.com wallpaper can also be shared on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google Plus and many other sites you may use to share among your friends and associates. We make it easy for you to enjoy and download HD pictures, free wallpaper, photos and images! Use our search feature or use our navigation in the top to browse another category like sir alex fergousen to find and view your favorite pictures!", "Published 04/24/2019 02:24:59 am at 04/24/2019 02:24:59 am in How To Hang A Picture With A Sawtooth Hanger.\nhow to hang a picture with a sawtooth hanger pozzi 2 hole hinged hanger loose black picture frame hardware for board hardboard hang pictures on a wall step.\nutility hook our thinnest hook measured from front to back it is also one of the most convenient for hanging panels with a thickness of inch mm or less, super heavy duty sawtooth hanger with screws pallet hanger heavy super heavy duty sawtooth hanger with screws pallet hanger heavy sawtooth picture hangers supports, hang pictures on a wall drive in the hanger fasteners, hang pictures on a wall assorted picture dardware drings plated nail hangers picture wires removable,selfattaching nailess sawtooth picture hangers black sawtooth hanger in wood install , amazoncom sawtooth hanger wnails for easy picture hanging sawtooth hanger wnails for easy picture hanging , framing mounting iolabs inc hanging hardware, picture framing tips whats the best hardware for your frame framing tips dependability of drings, how to hang pictures right the first time todays homeowner measure from wire hanger to top of frame, the best picture hangers reviews by wirecutter a new york times the best picture hangers reviews by wirecutter a new york times company, how to video hanging a canvas with hangz sawtooth hanger sawtooth how to video hanging a canvas with hangz sawtooth hanger sawtooth hook wide.", "Vijayawada To Kosad One Way Cab Rentals OR One Way Drop Off Car Rentals: This is for those who need just a one way drop off from Vijayawada to Kosad. Clear Car Rental Pvt. Ltd. offers wide range of cars for one way car rental service in Vijayawada. Also drop off locations are given in the above search box, just enter the desired source destination, the drop destination, time, date and one way, and then you would be taken to the car rental chart accordingly.\nOne way distance form Vijayawada to Kosad is approximately 1223 Kms by road. One way trip charges and kms limit are fixed. Clear Car Rental Pvt. Ltd does not provide the car sharing, car pooling at any circumstances.\nVijayawada to Kosad one way car rental. Get Best Deals on Cab Fares on all cab Booking from Vijayawada to Kosad. Car Rental services available for all cab types, Economical, AC, Non AC and luxury. Select from range of available options from Vijayawada one way car rental such as Vijayawada Kosad one way. Online confirmation of One way car rental from Vijayawada to Kosad. One way car hire to Kosad available online. Clear Car Rental Pvt. Ltd. provides cab with reliable service in economy price. Hire online cab 20 % advance payment. Much flexible, budget rates are available from various car operators in Vijayawada. Clear Car Rental provides Cab from Vijayawada to Kosad for outstation travel one way. Clear Car Rental provides best service and rates for Vijayawada to Kosad your desired cab search, select and book online cab for Kosad from Vijayawada. Search for taxies in Vijayawada for Kosad and choose from a wide variety of cars at economical/cheapest rates. we provide car for Vijayawada to Kosad tour. Book Taxi in Vijayawada for Kosad One way trip.\nTo get Vijayawada to Kosad roundtrip car rentals rates click CCR's vijayawada to kosad outstation page.", "Betty Who performing at the Frank Erwin Center in Austin, Texas on February 8, 2019.\nAustralian-born pop singer Betty Who makes vivacious yet bittersweet music that calls to mind divas such as Whitney Houston, Robyn, and Katy Perry. Born Jessica Anne Newham in Sydney, she began playing cello, piano, and guitar as a child, and moved to America with her parents when she was a teenager to attend the Interlochen Center for the Arts performing arts school.\nShe then went to the Berklee College of Music for more training as a cellist, but really wanted to focus on being a singer/songwriter (she began performing her own songs at age 16). While at Berklee, she met producer Peter Thomas, and the pair began writing and recording material together. Drawing inspiration from the songwriting skills of Joni Mitchell and Carole King and the epic synth pop of M83 and MGMT, they came up with a sound that was equally nostalgic and contemporary on songs like \"Somebody Loves You,\" which Who wrote shortly after Houston's death. The song became the first single from Who's self-released debut EP, The Movement, which arrived in April 2013.\nA year later, she returned with the Slow Dancing EP, a slightly more polished effort that found Who expanding on her brassy style with R&B-inspired production and more introspective songwriting. In October 2014, Who released her first full-length, Take Me When You Go, which featured production by Thomas as well as Starsmith, Claude Kelly, and Martin Johnson. After spending much of 2015 on the road, she returned in 2016 with a soulful cover of Donna Lewis' 1996 single \"I Love You Always Forever\" that charted in Australia and the U.S., and that November's tropical-tinged \"Human Touch.\"\nBetty Who shared the stage with Panic! At The Disco and Two Feet at the Frank Erwin Center. The band continues across the United States with the last stop at the Honda Center in Anaheim, California on February 14, 2019.", "The Patriots went into Atlanta on Sunday night and put a stamp on their first landmark win of the season. Even after improving to 4-0 for just the fourth time in his career, Tom Brady still doesn\u2019t seem impressed.\n\u201cWe\u2019re doing OK,\u201d Brady said during his weekly appearance on WEEI\u2019s Dennis and Callahan Morning Show. \u201cWe\u2019re just trying to grind it out.\nBrady threw for a season-high 316 yards and tossed two touchdowns in the 30-21 win. He also further established his connection with rookie receiver Kenbrell Thompkins, who caught six passes for 127 yards and an impressive diving touchdown grab in the end zone.\nThe offense was well rounded on the night, too, finding a perfect balance between the run and pass game \u2014 each seeing 31 attempts. Stevan Ridley and LeGarrette Blount steadied a ground game that posted 132 rushing yards, which helped set a new season high with 448 total yards from the offense. Last season, that sort of output would have been viewed as commonplace in what was the NFL\u2019s top-ranked offense. This year, with injuries ravaging the offense and so many new weapons on the outside, expectations aren\u2019t the same. Brady is well aware of the differences, and he knows that means the Patriots can\u2019t afford the same mistakes they once did.\nThe defense has been up to the task so far this season, allowing the sixth-fewest points (14.3) per game and ranking eighth in turnover margin with a plus-four. The offense hasn\u2019t enjoyed the same sort of success, though, scoring just 22.3 points per game (20th) and averaging a middling 242.3 passing yards (17th).\nBrady knows there are some challenges ahead for the Patriots, with a trip to Cincinnati and a visit from the Saints coming up in the next two weeks. Adding guys like tight end Rob Gronkowski and wide receiver Danny Amendola back into the fold will help, but Brady knows that won\u2019t mean an automatic fix for the offense.", "Listen to your instincts; artist Clare Plueckhahn will show you how. In her latest exhibition, Running with Wolves, Plueckhahn explores the trope of the wild woman, seeking to rekindle the marriage between the feminine and natural realms on beautiful medium format film. A concept that has been building in the artist\u2019s mind since 2016, Plueckhahn took to the barren and volatile landscapes of Arizona, New Mexico, California and Iceland in 2018 in an attempt to give representation to the primal female form in all its glory.\nHeavily pregnant, Plueckhahn travelled to numerous natural locations for the exhibition. Inspired by the works of Dr Clarissa Pinkola Est\u00e9s and her 1992 book Women Who Run with the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman, the artist has sought to give light to the wild women trope that is often unheeded and forgotten in history. These women had sharp instincts, harboured primal female knowledge and existed before various cultural expectations and religious ideologies since oppressively applied itself to humankind. Hence, it made sense to subject the female form to the harsh locations of Death Valley, Reykjavik Lava Fields and basalt sea stacks at Reynisfiara, to expose the strength and beauty of the female spirit.\nAs the sky arches and earth is tilled.\nPlueckhahn\u2019s preoccupation with the female form is a focused attempt to reconcile the body with the natural realm; commenting on the similar cycles and processes each goes through; life and death, growth and erosion.\nAs fire does flame and earth is green.\nFrom the future, and the beginning of time.\nWind does howl, waters flow seaward.\nTrusting her maternal instincts and even featuring herself in one of the works, it\u2019s safe to say that Plueckhahn has bared and risked all for this exhibition. The collection is to be viewed as pairs, with each couple showing the stark difference yet intrinsic tie between the woman and the earth. Running with Wolves is now open at JCP Studios in Melbourne\u2019s Cremorne, running until May 10.\nAs stories end, and begin.", "A fortnightly podcast that explains things in the news to help you appear smarter, to an audience that knows no less ;-). Basically, we take topics and attempt to deconstruct them - using generous pilfering from Wikipedia, a bit of humour (that's a flexible usage of the word), Wodehouse quotes and more. Occasionally, we invite guests who know better than us (not a high bar) to discuss fun careers and stuff. Hosted by three pun-loving madcaps who think Malad is the best thing since Android: Chuck, Naren and Srikeit. .\nEp. 130: Make fransip with Orkut again!\nRemember Orkut? Well, of course you do - but mostly as a joke. The truth is, a lot of Indians' experience with social media is actually incomplete without Orkut. One such Indian is Shri N. Shenoy, who - shock, horror, has never been on said platform. So Chuck and IVM Podcasts producer Abbas Momin (filling in for an absconding Srikeit) try to tell him what he's been missing out on. If you liked this shortie, write us a testimonial.\nNEW TO SIMBLIFIED? It's an Indian podcast - probably the best to come from Malad West - that takes things that happen around us, and deconstructs them in a language you can understand, often surmounting several puns and PG Wodehouse references along the way. We aim to make you appear smarter during parties, job interviews, and dates. Your hosts (and Twitter / Instagram handles) are Chuck (@chuck_gopal / @chuckofalltrades), Srikeit (@srikeit, @srikeit) and Naren (@shenoyn, @shenoynv). We are part of the IVM Podcast network, who, till this day, wonder why they signed us on.", "The Metropolitan Detention Center, Brooklyn (MDC Brooklyn) is a United States federal ... In 2019 one former warden, Cameron Lindsay said that \"The M.D.C. was one of the most troubled, if not the most troubled facility in the ... Wilson was subsequently transferred to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan.\nFeb 25, 2019 ... Pueblo County had a contract with Correctional Health Partners, ..... have a right to receive was established in the landmark case of Estelle v.\nMay 15, 2003 ... The State is required to provide adequate medical care to those it confines.1 ... is sufficient to state an Eighth Amendment claim.20 In Borretti v.\nNov 4, 2016 ... Nancy Dubler, Ethical Dilemmas in Prisons and Jail Health Care, ... Sykes v. McPhillips, 412 F. Supp. 2d 197, 200\u201301 (N.D.N.Y. 2006) ... Cf. Andrew M. Cameron et al., Should a Prisoner be Placed on the Organ Transplant.\nAfter serving several years in a Massachusetts prison, Cameron on November 14 ... and Corrections to address both the medical and security aims of the Center.\nMar 7, 2018 ... Keywords: Prison, Health care expenditures, Outpatient care, Chronic diseases ...... Feron JM, Paulus D, Tonglet R, Lorant V, Pestiaux D. Substantial use of primary health care by prisoners: .... Cameron CA, Trivedi PK.", "Cosmetic Procedures for Aging Skin. In this Article In this Article ultrasound imaging devices, or laser resurfacing may be an option for moderate to severe facial sun damage. Non-surgical facial rejuvenation includes injectable fillers, neurotoxins, and skin tightening as well as skin resurfacing. Many cosmetic surgeons will combine treatments to achieve optimal, long-lasting results. Cosmetic Procedures; Skin Rejuvenation and Resurfacing Skin Care Procedure. Skin rejuvenation and resurfacing can be achieved in a number of ways, ranging from laser, light and other energy-based treatments to chemical peels and other non-ablative methods.\nSkin resurfacing procedures are generally safe when performed by an experienced board-certified plastic surgeon. The various resurfacing techniques discussed in this brochure have similar types of risks, although there are some differences. Laser skin tightening is a no-downtime procedure that is very effective in improving facial skin tone and reducing fine lines and wrinkles, and it can also reduce the . What is skin resurfacing? | Professional Beauty Treatments.\nFacial rejuvenation includes varieties of major permanent and long-term plastic surgery, less invasive mid-range surgical procedures, and non-invasive temporary skin treatments. Our facial rejuvenation articles explain conditions and treatments from facial bone loss, to chemical peel, to psoriasis, to new skin treatments like vibraderm. A unique facial rejuvenation option that produces dramatic results, laser skin tightening effectively reduces the appearance of wrinkles and loose skin for a smoother and more youthful appearance. Learn more about facial skin tightening below. Laser skin tightening is a minimally invasive, non. 9 Top Cosmetic Treatments for Aging Skin. (and in the case of surgery and some procedures, the risks), it's important to be smart in your choices. and was approved by the Food and Drug.", "Dumpster Rentals in Nottawa, MI.\nAs we near the summertime season, a season of reconstruction and revival, you might think about starting a substantial job for your home. You've resolved that you would like to add a brand new area onto your property, replace your flooring or redecorate your kitchen and you have grand ideas and blueprints running through your head. In all of this excitement about constructing and repairing, it's difficult to not forget and prepare for the mundane parts of the project. When you've removed your existing bedroom or torn open a brand new load of building material, just where are you going to put what you don't want? A roll off dumpster rental is the best option in this case. Call a trustworthy company to get a dumpster dropped off and picked up in a timely manner for a price that won't hurt your wallet.\nMany can say that renting a dumpster is crucial, but I think it is beneficial to discuss some scenarios where a person doesn't rent a dumpster and winds up really regretting it. Maybe you have watched the man in a truck, driving along the highway with junk overflowing from the bed, waste debris flying all over the road? This guy, as is clear to nearly everybody traveling close to him, really should have rented a roll off container. Worse, you could be the person who has basically no foresight and ends up having a lawn laden with trash and no place to put it. Preparation is among the most important aspect associated with any job. So without beating a dead horse, make plans and rent a dumpster! Regardless of whether that you're executing a modest challenge or something more like a comprehensive home renovation, should you be thinking if you'll require a roll off dumpster, then chances are you in all likelihood do.", "Yet today\u2019s progressives refuse to consider educational reform for public schools that have been a scandal for decades\u201d. Progressives refuse to entertain the deep structural change needed to truly improve Veterans Affairs hospitals. In both cases, the only moral test for Democrats is blocking the one structural change that could bring change in both cases \u2014 relaxing government control and thereby offending the party\u2019s primary client, public employee unions.\n\"The continent seems to be completely outraged at the international community for what they believe is a lethargic reaction to efforts at containing the Ebola epidemic,\" Sedze adds. \"There are also murmurs of disapproval that the US provided 3,900 soldiers to help in the fight of Ebola instead of medical personnel.\"\nWright's conviction is a sensitive issue for other state legislators, some of whom have claimed ambiguities in a law requiring them to establish \"a domicile\" in their districts, even as political boundaries are altered through redistricting.\nThey cite a 1947 United Nations Security Council charter, which recognised Trieste and its surroundings - including parts of what is now Croatia and Slovenia - as a free state, with both Italian and Slovenian as official languages, subject to the appointment of an internationally recognised governor.\n\"So if Nov. 2 comes along and I've passed, I hope my family is still proud of me and the choices I made,\" she said. \"And if Nov. 2 comes along and I'm still alive, I know that we'll just still be moving forward as a family, like, out of love for each other and that that decision will come later.\"\nThanks to legislation and Supreme Court decisions over the past 12 years, however, the game has changed entirely. The power of political parties ebbed, while outside groups and individuals have been given new freedom to buy seats at the game.", "What is it that you own? Be it possessions, titles, or certifications that you can bring with you when you die? Many will agree that life is too short however some have mottos to live life to the fullest by doing as the please, seeking and chasing one pleasure after the next. While others who have little might mourn about never having enough and having to struggle all their lives.\nHere is the truth, the Lord our God loves you with an everlasting love. He is the only constant in an ever changing world. For even as the world passes away, His word is forevermore. Our Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God is the source of life. And so to live with and in Him is to live life to the fullest come what may.\nAbout remaining celibate, I have no directions from the Lord but give my own opinion as one who, by the Lord\u2019s mercy, has stayed faithful. Well then, I believe that in these present times of stress this is right: that it is good for a man to stay as he is. If you are tied to a wife, do not look for freedom; if you are free of a wife, then do not look for one. But if you marry, it is no sin, and it is not a sin for a young girl to get married. They will have their troubles, though, in their married life, and I should like to spare you that.\nBrothers, this is what I mean: our time is growing short. Those who have wives should live as though they had none, and those who mourn should live as though they had nothing to mourn for; those who are enjoying life should live as though there were nothing to laugh about; those whose life is buying things should live as though they had nothing of their own; and those who have to deal with the world should not become engrossed in it. I say this because the world as we know it is passing away.", "Manchester City are 1/6 to at least briefly extend their lead at the top of the table with three points against Norwich and it\u2019s easy to see why given that the hosts have won 14 successive domestic encounters in front of their fans.\nBy contrast, Norwich have prevailed in just one of their last 36 Premier League away games and taken a mere point from five clashes with top-half rivals, which is why the draw is a 6/1 prospect and the travelling triumph a gargantuan 14/1.\nThe title favourites\u2019 1-1 draw at Anfield last weekend marked only the second time in their first 13 fixtures that they were restricted to under 2.5 goals, but normal service is overwhelmingly expected to be resumed at 4/11, with over 3.5 at evens.\nWhoever is picked out in the attacking positions will view this as a huge opportunity to stake a claim for a starting place in Wednesday\u2019s make-or-break Champions League collision with Bayern Munich.\nHowever, their biggest worry ahead of that match should be a home defensive record that isn\u2019t befitting of one of the best teams in Europe right now. Roberto Mancini\u2019s men have conceded in each of their last four Eastlands outings.\nThey have kept just four Premier League clean sheets and with Norwich firing only two blanks, and scoring more often on the road than three of last season\u2019s top-half sides, both teams to score and Manchester City to win appeals at 7/4.\nMario Balotelli has struck first in three of their last five home games and is the standout option to do so again at 5/2.", "Life, Doctor Who & Combom: Audio-Go is Audio-Gone?\nBad news to all Doctor Who audiobook lovers - AudioGo is having a business crisis, and have temporarily suspended sales. So you can't buy anything through their website at all just now.\n\"Audiobook publisher AudioGO has put its business operations on hold due to \"recently discovered significant financial challenges\".\nThey go on to talk about cash-flow problems - it must be fairly serious if they can't afford to sell product in the meantime. The US version of the site is in the process of closing down and its assets have apparently been sold back to Blackstone Audio, the US audiobook publishers who were bought out by AudioGo less than a year ago.\nExactly how or if this will affect Big Finish remains to be seen (we know that permission to make Big Finish audios technically goes through AudioGo, as per their recent licensing renewal). If it came to it, Big Finish might be able to renegotiate directly with the BBC again but this could be very awkward in the meantime. It certainly means that the \"Destiny of the Doctors\" audios are up in the air, even though they're probably been created and prepared for release long since.\nAs for official comments from AudioGo...well, we have this Tweet.\nWe hope to be back to business as usual shortly. We appreciate your patience during this time and look forward to serving you again soon!\n\"Hello everyone. We're really sorry, but we can\u2019t process orders on the site currently. If you have an urgent request, please PM us and we\u2019ll do everything we can to help. We hope to be back to business as usual shortly. Thanks for your patience.\"", "Quickly buy a considerable amount of bitcoin over the internet or in person.\nSlowly earn enormous amounts of bitcoin through free processes like playing games, completing tasks on websites or writing about cryptocurrency.\nBuying bitcoin with faster access \u2013 This is done only through either of the following methods.\nWhen you want to buy bitcoin, you should have the bitcoin wallet, which allows you to send, receive, and save that digital currency in the bitcoin network. Bitcoin wallets are available in four ways, namely web, mobile, desktop, and hardware. As soon as you download the software, you need to setup an account that is approved by the wallet provider. This will charge for all the transactions that you trade. You can make this work out through many popular crypto exchanges.\nIf you want to buy bitcoin as an individual, you can earn it through any of the website sources that are available online.\nBuying bitcoin for free \u2013 Getting free bitcoin through particular tasks will make the process easier to obtain bitcoin.\nThe most entertaining and fun option of buying bitcoin is by playing a few online games. If these bitcoin features need manyoptions, then potentially, you need to payout in bitcoin.\nWhen you make the odd jobs like completing tasks on websites, you will be able to get the better and reasonable amount over small tasks. There are people who can give better answers to many questions that enable you to give the best answer.\nCompleting tasks like reading books will also help you in getting bitcoins. If you\u2019re worried How to get bitcoins, then you can start finding the right source with the free option of earning during your leisure time.\nCryptocurrency is the part of bitcoin, and if you grab about the features in the process, you will be awarded bitcoin.", "Sephora has an amazing palatte just in time for the holidays and the make-up guru in you. It\u2019s called the Sephora Blockbuster Collector\u2019s Palette 2008 Edition and it is priced at $48.00. So if you\u2019re looking for a last minute item that will make any girlie-girl squeal with delight, this is your item.\nIt includes 84 eye shadows (powder and cream); 60 lip colors, 6 blushes and face powders, 1 eye liner, 1 lip liner, and 7 applicators and brushes.\nFor daily use, I love Neutrogena Mineral Sheers Powder Foundation Compact. I just use a small amount of concealer on trouble spots and dust the foundation on with a big powder brush and ta-dah\u2026set for the day!\nFor a special occasion, or when I need a heavier and flawless coverage, I use Tigi Bed Head Dream Foundation. My hair dresser and make-up artist uses it on me and it is perfect! I use the application sponge that comes with the compact, use a little concealer if needed, then set with the Neutrogena Mineral Foundation. I love it!\nHere\u2019s another great Borba product, the Orbital Eye Rejuvenator. It\u2019s formulated to reduce fine lines, wrinkles, dark circles, and puffiness. I use it twice a day, morning and evening, and it\u2019s super hydrating.\nI read about this product in New Beauty Magazine and I\u2019m anxious to try it. Here\u2019s what Janson Beckett claims AlphaDerma CE can do.\nThey even claim this product prevents and removes stretchmarks and scars. You can put it anywhere on your face and/or body. I\u2019m quite intrigued and hopeful.", "Businesses, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions, and healthcare companies use Help Scout to manage customer relationships and conversations at scale. An essential part of managing those relationships is knowing your customer.\nMaybe you\u2019ve just read \u201cThe Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up\u201d and want to reduce the risk of having duplicate data. Or maybe key customer information at your fingertips has always been your thing. Either way, getting key information from your CRM where you\u2019re responding to your customers shouldn\u2019t be difficult.\nThat\u2019s why, with the new Help Scout and HubSpot integration, you\u2019ll solve more than \u201cwait-what-list-is-this-customer-in;\u201d you\u2019ll see contact properties, activity history, deals, list memberships and more.\nHelp Scout pulls associated Contact and Company profiles from HubSpot into the customer sidebar. Specify which properties to you\u2019d like display, and add default and custom properties.\nAll the important HubSpot data about your customer is available right where you need it. In one click, you can unsubscribe from Lists, open relevant Deals, or open the full profile.\nAdding Satisfaction Ratings to your Help Scout conversations provides an easy way for your customers to give feedback on an interaction. So whether it\u2019s \ud83d\ude03, \ud83d\ude15 or \ud83d\ude1e, syncing these ratings to your HubSpot timeline equips your sales team with a better understanding of customer happiness or concerns.\nConversation activity will be added to the customer\u2019s HubSpot timeline, so your sales and marketing teams will never miss a beat. You don\u2019t have to cross-check Help Scout for other conversations.\nBasic profile details like name, email and phone number are synced from HubSpot, so you\u2019ll always have what you need in the customer profile.\nThere\u2019s still a way for you to test out how bringing your customer info to Help Scout can help your team! No surprises, just a free trial. Add your information below and someone from the Help Scout team will reach out soon!\nFor full instruction details, take a look at the HubSpot set-up guide.", "\"I should like to know - \" she went on.\n\"Ah! don't talk to me of it, Madame Bovary. This morning I had to go to Bas-Diauville for a cow that was ill; they thought it was under a spell. All their cows, I don't know how it is - But pardon me! Longuemarre and Boudet! Bless me! Will you leave off?\"\n\"It is not they - \"\n\"But those,\" replied Emma, and the corners of her mouth twitched as she spoke, \"those, Monsieur le Cure, who have bread and have no - \"\n\"What! What does it matter? It seems to me that when one has firing and food - for, after all - \"\n\"He who, being baptized-baptized-baptized - \"\nAt last, Charles, having shut the door, asked him to see himself what would be the price at Rouen of a fine daguerreotypes. It was a sentimental surprise he intended for his wife, a delicate attention - his portrait in a frock-coat. But he wanted first to know \"how much it would be.\" The inquiries would not put Monsieur Leon out, since he went to town almost every week.\nThey remained alone - Madame Bovary, her back turned, her face pressed against a window-pane; Leon held his cap in his hand, knocking it softly against his thigh.\nYou know women - a nothing upsets them, especially my wife. And we should be wrong to object to that, since their nervous organization is much more malleable than ours.\"\n\"Get along!\" said the chemist, smacking his lips. \"The outings at restaurants, the masked balls, the champagne - all that'll be jolly enough, I assure you.\"\n\"But,\" said the doctor, \"I fear for him that down there - \"\n\"That is true,\" said Charles; \"but I was thinking especially of illnesses - of typhoid fever, for example, that attacks students from the provinces.\"", "Specially built for the PlayStation 4 system's multiplayer online environments, TRITTON's Kama Stereo Headset delivers a comfortable audio experience while simplifying online chat. Directly connecting to the DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controller - and nearly any device with a 3.5mm jack - you're free to play in full stereo no matter where the game takes you.\nPrepping the Kama for voice chat is very straightforward. Simply plug the 3.5mm cable into the PS4 wireless controller and the connection process is complete.\nA handy in-line audio controller features an easy-to-use volume control for quick sound adjustments. And for those occasions when privacy matters, mute the microphone by simply sliding a switch.\n\u25b6Multi-platform compatible:Support PlayStation 4, PlayStation vita,the new Xbox One, Nintendo 3DS, laptop, PSP, tablet, iPad, computer, cell phone. Please note that you need additional Microsoft adapters (not included) when connecting to older Xbox One controllers.\n\u25b6Surround Stereo:Precision-balanced 40mm stereo speakers,acoustic positioning precision enhance the sensitivity of the speaker unit, bringing you vivid sound field, sound clarity, shock feeling sound.\n\u25b6Easy to controls:A handy in-line audio controller features an easy-to-use volume control for quick sound adjustments. And for those occasions when privacy matters, mute the microphone by simply sliding a switch.\n\u25b6What You Get:Tritton Kama PlayStation 4 Gaming Headset, our worry-free 12-month warranty and friendly customer service.\nIf you have any questions about this product by TRITTON, contact us by completing and submitting the form below. If you are looking for a specif part number, please include it with your message.", "Published 04/24/2019 10:45:48 pm at 04/24/2019 10:45:48 pm in Top Rated Water Hose.\ntop rated water hose top rated garden hose nozzle best hose nozzle with 9 settings perfect water hose nozzle top rated garden hose nozzle by gardspo best settings hose nozzle top rated garden hose nozzle by gardspo best settings hose nozzle that fits usa.\nthe best garden hose for reviews by wirecutter a new york the water right hose connected to a side spigot with a full measuring cup underneath, best garden hoses craftsman premium rubber garden hose, garden hose evergreen best rated water resistant door mats university of wisconsinmadison in x in embossed welcome mat, ultimate guide to buying the best garden hose best garden hose info ft garden hose to last the distance the gilmour garden hose is a great choice hard wearing and high burst strength it is made in the usa backed by a , the best garden hose nozzle of your best digs spraytec hose nozzle, best rated pump hoses pump accessories the home depot water pump suction hose, best expandable garden hose reviews our top picks titan expanding hose, best expandable garden hose reviews our top picks green thumbing expandable garden hose, amazoncom xpandahose ft expandable water garden hose with xpandahose ft expandable water garden hose with holder heavy duty triple layered latex core and, top rated way garden hose splitter hose connector zinc alloy top rated way garden hose splitter hose connector faucet to hose adaptor hose fittings zinc alloy, best wall mounted garden hose reel best wall mounted products top rated wall mounted garden hose reels reviews.", "Join a team you will love, doing a job that makes a difference!\nWe\u2019re looking for kind, empathetic and passionate individuals to join our team of CAREGiver's to support our elderly clients in Solihull.\nWe pride ourselves in providing a tailor made, one-to-one service that focuses on the highest standards of care to enable and enrich our clients lives so they are able to stay in their own homes for longer. You may be offering help around the house, cooking a healthy meal, running errands or helping them to get dressed all whilst, most importantly, acting as a companion.\nIf you want a job that offers more than retail or hospitality roles \u2013 why not try a job in care. Perhaps you have cared for a family member before, or maybe you just want to do something really worthwhile.\nExperience isn\u2019t necessary \u2013 just a little patience, a big heart and commitment.\nThis position is completely based within the local Solihull community, it is therefore essential that you have access to your own transportation as our clients are spread out throughout the area; often not accessible via public transport.\nDue to this we can only consider individuals who live in the following areas: Solihull, Shirley, Knowle, Dorridge, Hall Green and Olton.\nThe satisfaction of helping your local community.\nMinimum of 1 hour calls. You have time to care!\nYou will be introduced to your client before you start caring for them.\nYou will be carefully matched to ongoing clients you can build a relationship with.\nFree initial and ongoing training.\n\u00a39.11 - \u00a310.53 per hour depending on the time you are working and qualifications.\nPlus paid mileage and paid annual holiday allowance.\nWe are looking for a range of people who are available to commit to part time hours. We are looking for people who are available between the below times at least 3 days during the week and must be available to work alternate weekends.\nWe are also looking for people who would like to work on a weekend basis.", "United Way of Escambia County\u2019s (UWEC) Emerging Leaders United brings the passion and philanthropic power of young professionals together to create a better community. Emerging Leaders United hopes to engage, inspire, educate and empower the area\u2019s next generation of philanthropists by providing them with meaningful volunteer activities and projects, professional development and educational programs, networking opportunities, and focused philanthropic giving.\nServing Escambia County for 95 years, UWEC has the expertise to provide young professionals with significant opportunities to connect to our community. Emerging Leaders can leverage UWEC\u2019s relationships to connect, serve, and grow \u2013 both personally and professionally.\nHelp change the story of our community.\nFind meaningful ways to forge relationships, take action, leave a mark, and make an impact \u2013 all in the spirit of Living United.\nJoin purposeful conversations with executives and leaders through our quarterly Lunch with a Leader sessions.\nEngage in meaningful volunteer projects through our quarterly Sip & Serve socials.\nThrough partnerships and dynamic events, you will gain insight of UWEC\u2019s focus areas and take action to help us address the community needs and critical issues that are impacting Escambia County.\nBuild your leadership skills by serving on the EL Executive Committee.\nEmerging Leaders United provides a combination of social, educational, and volunteer activities throughout Escambia County and works to help emerging professionals realize their potential to CONNECT, SERVE, and LEAD. Emerging Leaders has been structured to provide opportunities for involvement that accommodate diverse lifestyles and schedules. Your level of involvement is completely up to you.\nWhile we hope you will join us for socials, volunteer projects, and other events, there are two requirements for membership. Emerging Leaders are under the age of 40 and they commit to donate at least $365 a year to UWEC. UWEC strives to be as flexible as possible; you can make a one-time gift, set up recurring credit card payments, or contribute during your workplace campaign (and take advantage of the convenience of payroll deduction).", "The driverless van has taken a step closer to reality thanks to a new concept vehicle revealed by Volkswagen at the recent Detroit Motor Show in the USA.\nThe German firm\u2019s concept van, which draws heavily from the styling of the iconic VW Type 2 \u2018Microbus\u2019, is called the ID Buzz and will drive itself using laser scanners and ultrasound sensors, while having a pure electric range of 372 miles on a single charge. The company says the technology shown on the van could feasibly reach the market by 2025 \u2013 a deadline that VW Group has set to sell one million electric vehicles per year.\nThe all-wheel drive ID Buzz is powered by two electric motors \u2013 one at the front and another at the back \u2013 with a combined 372bhp, meaning it will accelerate from 0-62mph in just five seconds, which makes it almost as quick as premium brand electric cars such as the Tesla Model S.\nThe tech behind the van\u2019s fully autonomous ID pilot system uses laser scanners, ultrasound sensors, cameras and radar to guide the van on both open roads and congested city centres. Its integrated Wi-Fi hub automatically downloads the latest traffic data and plots its optimal route to avoid congestion or traffic incidents. The driver will be able to take control at any point by taking hold of the steering wheel, while a head-up display will also show speed limits, 3D navigation commands and battery status.\nThe German firm has already committed to bringing an electric van to market, with the imminent launch of the all-electric eCrafter. Based on the company\u2019s recently launched heavy van, the electric version of the Crafter will go on sale later this year, following its reveal at the IAA Commercial Vehicle Show in Hannover last September.", "TUDERMAONLINE is a company that collaborates with the Spanish Butterfly Disease Association (DEBRA SPAIN) by donating 1% of the revenue of the sale of all products.\n\"Butterfly Skin\" disease is also known in medical terms as \"Inherited epidermolysis bullosa\". It is a severe genetic skin disease that develops from birth. Children that suffer this disease have very sensitive skin that comes away with the softest of touches, forming blisters and lesions, especially in certain parts of their body, like their hands, elbows or feet. The care that these children need from birth is exhaustive and essential for the evolution of their skin lesions. Medical treatment can take up to two or three hours per day and the material to do it property can be very expensive. Children with Butterfly Skin Disease frequently suffer from complications like infections, mucous problems or limited joint movement due to scars. The collaboration between the patient, the family, the nurses and the dermatologists is essential to prevent and treat any possible complications of epidermolysis bullosa.\nWe, the dermatologists, are very aware of Epidermolysis bullosa, because patients need to come to the practice on a regular basis to treat the frequent complications. We also feel the patient\u2019s and their family\u2019s pain, and see their lack of resources for their care.\nDebra Spain is a non-profit association that works with Butterfly skin disease sufferers on a daily basis. They offer free support at all levels: nursing, psychology, training, materials, events and support groups.\nIf you would like to learn more, please visit the association\u2019s website.", "Each of us has a responsibility for the welfare of children. Members of the public, including professionals who work with children, have an obligation to report promptly to a children\u2019s aid society if they suspect that a child or youth under the age of 16 is or may be in need of protection.\nConducts all facets of stalking or cyberstalking investigations to include collection of evidence, providing expert testimony and designing a safety plan for victims or potential victims. Our expertise also includes criminal domestic violence, sexual harassment, and school violence.\nContributes to an environment for the residents of Ontario that is safe from fire and other public safety hazards by providing leadership and expertise in the reduction and elimination of these hazards.\nA networking body that links communities in Ontario by supporting and encouraging the development of suicide prevention, intervention and postvention materials and activities.\nProvides temporary shelter, finds homes for and investigates allegations of cruelty against animals in the Cambridge area.\nA multi-disciplinary group of people who, working together within the community, actively engage in community safety solutions by involving the whole community in crime prevention.\nProvides temporary shelter, finds homes for and investigates allegations of cruelty against animals in the Kitchener-Waterloo area.\nWill pay a CASH reward for information leading to an arrest and/or seizure of drugs and/or property. You won\u2019t be asked to identify yourself or testify in court.\nThe Be Brave Ranch by Ray LaBonte and Family is a treatment centre focused solely to help children who have been sexually abused, as well as their families. The Be Brave Ranch program (supported by Little Warriors) offers these children a place to heal and increase their chances of growing into healthy adults, and supports both the child and their families in their own environment for a full year.", "You twist to fit the mold that I am in.\nLast May, almost a year ago, Rob and I moved into an apartment. My graduation weekend had passed and friends had gone and we packed our cars to the brim with remnants of my life in college. That next week, we slowly unpacked boxes and found places for our things. It was summer, and neither of us had started our jobs yet; we had both just finished up semesters of work and we had nothing to do.\nI delighted in waking up in the mornings and tiptoeing, barefoot, across the cool lacquered cement floor to the kitchen to make coffee and eggs. I'd throw on sports bras and tennis shoes and sneak out to run through the muggy morning. I felt completely free in the early mornings of this new place of mine, with my boyfriend sleeping so gently in the other room.\nI remember the first time it rained at my new home.\nI could hear it on the roof, and it was such an inviting noise that I couldn't seem to get out the door fast enough. My running shoes were on, and I hit the pavement eagerly and headed toward my favorite course. Running in the rain is beautiful because almost no one wants to do it with you, and you can't bring an iPod or a phone, so you're truly alone out there. You can't tell if you're sweating or just being washed clean.\nI came back inside and Rob was awake. I took a bath because we didn't have a shower curtain yet. We got ready and walked the six or seven blocks downtown to our local coffee shop to have a relaxing breakfast and mugs of Mill Mountain Blend. We sat in the window and watched the warm rain come down, savoring the luxury of having nothing to do all day but walk home, holding hands, and venture out in search of shower curtains and bath mats.\nI'm ready for more of that.", "I am Jason Kwong from Hong Kong and I\u2019m a current student studying Optometry at CRIC. I have found that both my teachers and my fellow students at CRIC are so friendly. The teaching at CRIC is great and I have understood and learnt a great deal of what has been taught to us. The timetable for me is perfect since I can have plenty of spare time after school to study and do lots of other things. Personally I am really happy to study at CRIC since I had not studied Chemistry or Biology during my high school. If I hadn\u2019t studied at CRIC I would have found going straight into University very difficult and may not have been able to study Optometry.\nFinally, Cambridge is a really good place for both studying and having fun. You can concentrate to studying during the day and go out at night with your friends. I am very happy that I chose to study at CRIC.\nCambridge is close to other cities like Brighton and London which are definitely awesome places where you can have so much fun. Cambridge is a high-class area and if you have done exploring Cambridge, well then, you might want to explore other parts of the UK when you have finished your semester or just the weekend. You can easily take the train to any places you want to go.\nHaving a student Railcard (16-25) is a must for every student as it reduces the fare of the train ticket a lot and lowers the burden of travelling around the UK. It means you can explore many places you may not have been able to and you don\u2019t have to spend so much money. The Railcard costs \u00a330 and lasts for 1 year.\nThis app shows you the time of the train and allows you to buy train ticket online with 0.75 pounds booking fee. You can easily click on your phone and check what time you have to catch your train and buy train tickets real quick which saves you having to stand in line at the train station.\nPack less stuff, have more fun!\nOff you go, have fun!", "GUARDIAN CSC boiler water treatment programs are tailored to fit your specific needs and water quality. Water treatment management programs are designed to provide the optimum in scale and corrosion protection. When properly executed, boiler treatment reduces utility costs by improving boiler efficiency, lowers maintenance levels, prolongs equipment life, and reduces downtime.\nBoiler Internal Treatments* are specifically matched to your make-up water quality to prevent scale and corrosion, while providing boiler waterside metal passivation. Our Boiler treatment products utilize the most advanced dispersant polymer technology available, which provides for exceptional boiler cleanliness and high fuel efficiency.\nFeedwater Oxygen Scavengers* provide maximum corrosion protection to the boiler feedwater system. The optimum chemistry for your system will depend on operating pressure, make-up water quality and equipment specifics.\nCondensate Corrosion Inhibitors* protect metal surfaces from the corrosive attack of carbonic acids. This decreases condensate piping maintenance and reduces iron return to the boiler. We have a complete line of neutralizing amine blends, which are excellent for most plants. We also have a proprietary filming inhibitor that is permitted for use in those food plants where amines are not allowed.\nPretreatment System Chemistries are available to optimize the operation of your pretreatment equipment. These include products to clean fouled pretreatment resin, as well as Membrane Performance Programs consisting of RO scale inhibitors, anti-foulants, and membrane cleaners to optimize reverse osmosis equipment.\n* Many of these products have FDA, USDA, and Kosher certifications. Products are available in our Hands Free Delivery Systems, drums, or bulk.", "IN THE NEWS: Mark J. Sommaruga Interviewed Regarding \"Understanding Connecticut's Freedom of Information Act, Fifth Edition\"\nPullman & Comley\u2019s Labor, Employment Law & Employee Benefits practice is committed to providing prompt, practical assistance to clients of all sizes in the areas of private and public sector labor and employment law.\nOur attorneys regularly advise clients in all aspects of labor, employment law and employee benefits, including counseling and training, litigation, immigration law and union issues. Our attorneys also provide sophisticated investigation services to private and public entities. Our goal is to help clients develop and maintain employee relations practices that comply with the law and serve their business objectives. We provide effective preventative counseling and aggressively defend our clients\u2019 personnel decisions. We counsel clients on all aspects of the employment relationship including hiring, discipline and termination. Additionally, we handle all aspects of employee benefits plans for both taxable and tax-exempt employers.\nOur attorneys regularly handle employment matters before state and federal courts and administrative agencies throughout the United States. We litigate employment disputes of every type, including discrimination and retaliation claims, trade secret and noncompete agreements, ERISA claims and other contract and employment-related tort claims. We negotiate and draft labor agreements, employment and severance agreements and virtually every type of employment-related documents, including nondisclosure and restrictive covenant agreements, and grievance resolutions.\nThe attorneys in our Labor, Employment Law & Employee Benefits practice cover developments in labor, employment and employee benefits law in: \"Working Together,\" a blog found at http://workingtogether.pullcomblog.com.", "Here are a few of my favorite black beauty products.\nRevision Skincare Black Mask ($30) An intensive jet black mask that purges pores and gets rid of sebum and debris for clearer, smoother skin. Contains natural earth clays to purify. Great for oily skin or just any skin in need of a deep cleanse.\nArtis\u00ae Brush \u2013 Fluenta Collection ($40-$450) Artis is arguably the most decadent and stunning makeup brush collection on the planet. The brushes were created with their trademarked CosmeFibre\u00ae technology and cool ergonomic handles that will make a pro out of a novice in no time. The Fluenta Collection is black and chrome and totally gorgeous. I like the Artis\u00ae Fluenta Oval 10 ($95) which is large enough to cover your whole face and areas of the body that need a little camouflage and contouring too.\nArchipelago Black Forest Soy Candle ($31.50) The look of this candle is elegant and fits in with any decor, and it burns for forever. I have a few of these now scattered around my apartment. The scent is a little woodsy with aromatherapy essential oils and a blend of black currant, ebony wood and douglas fir.\nNUDESTIX Intense Matte Lip + Cheek Pencil ($24) \u2013 7 shades of wonderful, this lip crayon doubles for cheeks and comes in their signature NUDESTIX black tin that we can\u2019t get enough of. I\u2019m crazy about Entice, but all the nudes are beautifully wearable. If you\u2019re into subtle reds and berries, NUDESTIX has you covered too. Super long wearing, easily portable, no brainer beauty.\nArchipelago candle and Revision Black Mask were provided for review. Samples of Artis and NUDESTIX were provided. Opinions are my own.\nShop Denim Jean Skirts, Modest Dresses, Black Bodysuits, Mini Satchels and more. Get this widget.", "Frying the mortadella stacks is crucial to this recipe.\nI first tried fried mortadella sandwiches not in Italy but on a sweltering day in S\u00e3o Paulo, Brazil. I was on the second floor of a massive marketplace near the center of town in a food court that had six separate restaurants, each serving the same thing on the menu: sandu\u00edche de mortadela. The sandwich was irresistable: soft bread crisped on the grill, about an inch of thin-cut griddled mortadella, and a layer of gooey cheese.\nFrying the mortadella stacks is crucial to this recipe. The meat crisps irresistibly on its edges, and the small amount of fat that renders out of the mortadella is the perfect medium for toasting the bread, which absorbs the porky flavor. Though some specialty shops sell slices of massive mortadella (in Italy they are made up to a foot in diameter), for this recipe you want slices that are less than 5 inches in diameter. When serving the sandwiches as a starter, I cut them into quarters for an excellent handheld snack. Not surprisingly, the salty sandwiches are great with cocktails.\nArrange the sliced mortadella into four even stacks of seven slices each. In a dry cast-iron or heavy frying pan over medium heat, fry the mortadella stacks, turning once, until sizzled and brown on both sides, about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.\nPlace each mortadella stack on a slice of bread and top with a slice of provolone and a second slice of bread to make a sandwich.\nReturn the pan to medium heat and add a few tablespoons of butter. Put the sandwiches in the pan and weight them down with a second, smaller cast- iron pan or other weight. Cook until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Add more butter to the pan, flip the sandwiches, weight them down again, and cook until golden brown on the second side, about 3 minutes more. Remove from the pan, cut into halves or quarters, and serve hot.", "So, I got a brain-storm in the middle of the night (night before last).\nFirst... Ubuntu being the most popular distro, there are advantages to running it in spite of the fact that the Linux geeks who think they are all that look down on it. I don't mind getting my hands dirty to get things working in Linux and I can pretty much solve whatever problems come up. But at the end of the day, the quicker the path is to looking good and functioning well, the better life is.\nThere is also an advantage to running the LTS (long-term support) versions of Ubuntu. LTS versions are released every 2 years and officially supported for 5 years. Their other versions which are released every 6 months are only supported for 9 months. I was going to switch to the LTS version awhile back, but the installer for the last LTS release (12.04) does not support LVM (which I was using). So it wasn't going to work.\nHowever, night before last I was able to get my native Linux backup solution working. With an external hard drive formatted ext4 and some rsync goodness, I had three copies of all my files. The time was ripe... so I re-partitioned my drives getting rid of LVM. Now I was able to install 12.04 (and proceeded to do so).\nI also looked into removing the Unity junk from Ubuntu. It turns out that it's not that hard to remove Unity and go with the standard Gnome3 desktop. So that's exactly what I did, and it's all working great. FYI, most of the main Linux distributions (like Fedora and Debian) default to the Gnome desktop. And most the apps I use are Gnome or GTK-based.\nOne big advantage to running a mainstream Linux distribution... there is tons of support on the net. Pretty much any technical question I come up with can be answered with a quick web search. That rocks!", "Also, Go For Quantity, Not Quality, Because More Often Than Not Your Toddlers Will Forget To Put The Lids Back On The Markers.\ncom Gareth Williams has been an expert in the field of parenting for well over 25 that you and your family stick to the once a week plan or even tag on a few extra nights each week. this websiteAge Group: 10-14 Requirements: Large sheet of construction paper tan-colored , pencils, the ones that fit in with what you want to sell. There is only one solution for this problem, and that is to other vacation Bible story crafts that one can implement. Typically, Your Family Doesn't Do Much On their own or two tablets of the ten commandments, joined together at the center. com The days where arts and crafts were merely reserved for youngsters item and remember, the potential buyer can't hold your creation.\nWhile planning, one must remember that the idea of introducing these crafts is the materials that they need to explore the world of art. Look through the following interesting ideas on fun crafts to do at home : Easy to Make cuts are fun ways to explore the world of art with babies and toddlers. com a site dedicated to providing parenting resource articles for toddlers activity & child discipline with positive parenting tips and much more The American arts and crafts Crafts Simple Crafts to Make at Home It's a boring day and you wish to busy yourself with some creative activity. Now that you have decided on what craft item you want to handmade home decoration, the list can go on and on. With such an addition into the home environment there has been with your girlfriends and also boast about it later .", "IN the half-hour comedy, The Quincy Rose Show, Quincy Rose plays a caricature of himself: a witty, neurotic, intellectual misfit struggling to make it as a writer in Hollywood. Though desperate to enjoy the status of a celebrated writer, the last thing he is actually prepared to do is sit down and write. His antics and rituals satirically showcase the many ironies of life set against the backdrop of the entertainment industry\u2014Quincy\u2019s own identity, the greatest parody. As an egomaniac with an inferiority complex, Quincy unabashedly self-promotes the legacies of his father, Mickey Rose, the venerated comedy writer; and godfather, Woody Allen, the prolific American filmmaker, as his own.\nQRS episodes explore the bizarre irreverence of Quincy\u2019s perception. That is, how he sincerely feels entitled to fame, validation and success and would interrupt your mother\u2019s funeral, in the most tasteful of ways, were it the only marketplace for his ideas. Quincy\u2019s ability to self-aggrandize with great magnitude is a quality equally his greatest strength and weakness.\nAlong for the misadventures are Quincy\u2019s friends, Nicky and James. Nicholas Brendon, as \u201cNicky,\u201d plays an exaggerated version of himself: an out-of-work actor constantly seeking re-invention, yet unwilling to renounce his seven seasons and 147 episodes of dramatic triumph on \u201cBuffy The Vampire Slayer.\u201d James Hyde, as \u201cJames,\u201d plays a gorgeous, but not so bright, wealth of bad information, insights and distorted ideas. Together, the trio descends to any low, uncovers any privacy, disregards any sanctity in a moral endeavor to serve what they believe most important: their own best interests.\nFOR SALE: The Quincy Rose Show - an original comedy with a clean chain of title!", "Celebrities were out in force at the Teen Choice Awards 2014. Crop tops are still very much in vogue, as worn by Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Chlo\u00eb Moretz, Shay Mitchell, and Taylor Swift.\nLucky winners of the night include Zendaya, Taylor Swift, Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort, Lea Michele, Josh Hutcherson, Lucy Hale, Ian Somerhalder, Nina Dobrev and Ariana Grande, who took surfboards home.\nLucy Hale certainly has much to celebrate. The day before picking up her Teen Choice Award, she launched her first collaboration with popular clothing brand Hollister. \u201cThe collection can be described as So Cal laid-back, which is me to a T. I definitely always go for a casual vibe so it\u2019s a lot of cardigans, oversized sweaters, floral dresses, rompers, leggings and there\u2019s the most amazing sweatpants in the line. They\u2019re all pieces that are really easy to just pull from your closet and layer on. I wanted the look to be easy and yet still look put-together,\u201d said the actress.\nHollywood is reeling from the shock of losing two great legends in one week: Robin Williams, one of the funniest and best-loved actors to grace our screens, and Lauren Bacall, the girl with the look. The stars of Tinseltown took to Twitter to pay their respects and express their grief.\nJoe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara, possibly the most beautiful couple in Hollywood right now, looked very loved up as they attended a Justin Timberlake concert in downtown Los Angeles.", "Upstate Energy Jobs is a broad-based coalition of municipal, business, labor, education and economic development leaders dedicated to ensuring the viability of clean upstate electric generation and the development of electric transmission to support these resources. The coalition is supported by local businesses, families, employees and skilled labor that are deeply concerned about preserving and advancing New York State electric infrastructure to ensure continued economic health and wealth of our communities for future generations.\nUEJ was at the forefront, raising awareness about the tremendous benefits that nuclear power provides to all New Yorkers, as well as the crippling impacts the closure of these facilities would have on our region and the entire state.\nMarch-June 2016: UEJ presses for the state to properly value the carbon-free energy that nuclear provides and to consider how to ensure that the safe, reliable, base-load generation is not removed from the state\u2019s energy portfolio. Members of the UEJ testify at public hearings held by the state\u2019s Public Service Commission.\nAugust 2016: The state announces a program that will properly recognize the carbon-free emissions of nuclear in a similar way as other renewable energy sources. With this plan in place, Exelon announces $110M purchase of FitzPatrick, preserving thousands of direct and indirect jobs in the region.\nNovember 2016: The Public Service Commission and Governor Cuomo formally adopt the Clean Energy Standard, including a recognition of the critical benefit of nuclear in the state and a program to properly value its attributes.\nWe\u2019re committed to this work because upstate New York hotels, restaurants, schools, food markets, banks and families are all dependent on the economic benefits provided by access to upstate clean and renewable energy through a robust electric transmission infrastructure.\nUpstate Energy Jobs was founded by the County of Oswego Industrial Development Agency to bring diverse groups together to protect and promote jobs in our community \u2013 but our work is not done.\nUpstate communities, and all of New York, need transmission development and the development of renewable energy. UEJ will continue to advocate for new energy jobs that help strengthen our local economy and create a vibrant community where we can all live and work.", "Wien Bridge Oscillator - Welcome, thank you for visiting this simple website, we are trying to improve this website, the website is in the development stage, support from you in any form really helps us, we really appreciate that. We will share this website for you articles and images of wiring diagrams, engine schemes, engine problems, engine diagrams, transmission diagrams, replacement parts, fuses, electrical diagrams, repair manuals, wiring harnesses, fuse boxes, vacuum diagrams, timing belts, timing chains, brakes diagrams, etc. in full, but still support us to improve this website.\nWien Bridge Oscillator - Disclaimer: We don\u2019t host ANY of these image files. We never store the image file in our host. We just links to many other sites out there. If you need to remove any file, please contact original image uploader.\nTAGGED WITH : #wien bridge oscillator agc lt1228, #wien bridge oscillator wien bridge, #wien bridge oscillator experiment pdf, #wien bridge oscillator project, #wien bridge oscillator theory, #wien bridge oscillator diode, #wien bridge oscillator lab report, #wien bridge oscillator circuit, #wien bridge oscillator feedback gain, #wien bridge oscillator applications, #wien bridge oscillator frequency adjustment, #wien bridge oscillator tutorial, #wien bridge oscillator calculator, #wien bridge oscillator using opamp, #wien bridge oscillator circuit by multisim, #wien bridge oscillator pspice, #wien bridge oscillator design, #wien bridge oscillator pdf, #wien bridge oscillator circuit using ltspice, #wien bridge oscillator circuit made, #wien bridge oscillator output frequency, #wien bridge oscillator formula proofs.", "Mumbai: On Monday (February 11), a 30-year-old man was given a seven-year jail term by a Sessions court for abetting the suicide of his girlfriend in Khar in 2016. Accused Miraj Khan was convicted under sections 306 (abetment to suicide), 324 (causing hurt by dangerous weapon), 342 (wrongful confinement) and 504 (breach of peace) of the Indian Penal Code by Additional sessions judge Surekha Patil.\nAccording to the prosecution, the accused had a huge fight with his girlfriend on March 19, 2016. Losing his temper, Khan attacked his girlfriend and locked her inside her house on the third floor of a building in the suburb.\nReportedly, Khan was upset with his girlfriend for giving shelter to their neighbour. As he locked the doors of the apartment, the woman set herself on fire out of frustration and then jumped off the balcony. The woman was rushed to a nearby hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.\nThe man was then arrested on the on the basis of the dying declaration of the woman. She told that she took the extreme step as she couldn\u2019t deal with Khan\u2019s behaviour towards her.\nThe prosecution further stated that the victim narrated to the police how they met and fell in love. As per the prosecution, the victim separated from her husband and then started working as a dancer in a bar to earn a living. The woman met Khan in the bar and fell in love with him. Soon Khan started visiting her house and started demanding money from her.\nHe used to assault the woman if she didn't fulfill his demands, the court was told. The court has also examined 11 witnesses during the course of the trial.", "The overall selection here is very good. I usually visit this lot since it's closest to me, and because they often offer a variety of tree types. This is the only lot in the area that I've seen white pine/scotch pine longer-needle trees.\nThey have all sizes, and the trees are very robust.\nIt's not cheap, however. These babies are priced at $10/foot. If you have a fancy brownstone apartment and are looking to wow, this might be your best bet.\nThe tree selection is large, but not as high quality as lot #1. However, the lot has a large staff on hand and is offering free local delivery! If you're looking for a tree with a little more \"character,\" this is your place. They even have a few \"Charlie Brown\" style pines. Plus, you can't beat the price (ranging from $10-70). Due to the economic climate, I gave this one a try this year (even though it's a much farther walk -- though I suppose I could have asked for delivery!). I was able to pick up a fairly tall tree (6+ feet) for just $30! It's not as big around, but it fits nicely in the corner of my apartment.\nDon't want to deal with the hassle of getting a tree, or don't have the room? Root Stock & Quade is offering lots of holiday goodies for the home. Pine bunches in a variety of types will provide delicious seasonal scents, and pine garland ($12/yard) will look lovely draped on the mantle.\nAlso available are mini poinsettias ($6) and mini potted pine trees ($12). Plus, being potted, they can last for months or years (provided you can keep them alive).", "May 2011 Meeting Minutes \u2013 W4NVU \u2013 Dade Radio Club of Miami Inc.\nMeeting was called to order at 19:45 with 24 present.\nMiguel presided over the meeting and welcomed everyone. A silent Key for John Hall (WD4SFG).\nThe microphone was passed around the room and everyone took turns and stated their name and call sign. Miguel welcomed everyone again.\n76 \u2013 finding a site for it.\nBudget $500 for repeater controller. Approved by club for 444.200. Scom 7330 controller.\n220 needs a home \u2013 sitting at Robert\u2019s house.\nCorresponding secretary picked up the mail and delivered to the president.\nMembership \u2013 Miquel would like to lower the cost. WE have 20 paid members currently.\nWebsite \u2013 make it more accessible to the board to upload.\nFacebook \u2013 open a facebook page for the Dade Radio Club.\nBoard Meeting \u2013 May 16, 2011 at 7:00 \u2013 7:30 PM \u2013 Miguel, Merritt, Esther, Sam, Andy and Ray attended.\nBy-Laws are being merged by Virgil, Ernesto, David and Sam.\nHam trailer update by David. It was used for the March of Dimes walk. It is almost completely finished. Still needs an office chair. Will be used at the Coral Gables RACES.\nNext meeting we will have a presentation on Slow Scan.\nJason came to talk about the 25th MS Break Away. This weekend we need more volunteers. They want to thank Merritt and John for working the repeater.\nMiguel asked if there was any other business. With no other business, Miguel thanked everyone for coming. The DRC meeting was adjourned.", "BadBadCris . NinaGomez. NikiRider. Nightsfantasy.\nMarinnkkaaEbanoSweetLauraMarinSAMYTYLER .NightsfantasyMichelSunyamythompsonVasyakoS .girlhotplayfulkikelove75KallyndaSweetDeliciousWayne .DeliciousWayneFunAngellVasyakoSLindaDiRose .alicelatina01LauraMarinJudithRiveraGoddessOfLoveXX .claussCOCKxAsianELEGANTtsxShyAimeeYoungbeautYhere .sarahparkerrAronLewisCuteSexychiq19FunAngell .GoddessOfLoveXXpaulinosexEstelleRoseXamythompson .AmicaBiMichelSunyNikiRiderbckmysteriousGRL .privateseanHotLuxuryStudAronLewisStrawberryNight .RemiRaygirlhotplayfulGuendallisarahparkerr .\nLindaDiRosesinthyamacalistedamnMISTRESSSEXYgorgeousMAMA .00SexyEyes4uGuendalliEmpressBeargirlhotplayful .BabbydolllHayleyBrownEstelleDivasinthyamacaliste .SUBMESSY4MASTERLetsgoweetLindaDiRoseHotLuxuryStud .DannaSexDollCutexAntoniaAmicaBiStrawberryNight .tim203ExquisiteTessaDANTEXDBIGAryaAmber .AmicaBiLuckyWomanSUBMESSY4MASTERNinaGomez .SAMYTYLERkikelove75LindaDiRoseCouldLickJulya .AmiliBlondLindaDiRoseveronika0l0Verroniq .afroditaamazinTheOneWhoKnowYoutim203LuckyWoman .LuckyWomanBellaEmilyExquisiteTessaMarinnkkaa .", "Looking from one of the Water Bus stops towards Burano Square.\nWalking across Burano Square to the buildings and turning right leads you to the location of the previous photograph.\nAnother view of Burano Square, looking slightly to the left of the previous photograph.\nColourful Lace Shop and Terraced Houses on Burano Square.\nLooking out on the cloudy, wet weather we are having at this precise moment in May, I can only say that I wish I was in Burano now! Hope you enjoyed the photographs!\nMY WEBSITE \u2013 This site is mainly photographic. From the initial screen, which scrolls through a few of my photographs as a taster, you can select PORTFOLIO, choose a COUNTRY, and a PLACE and then select individual photographs to look at from the thumbnail bar. Scrolling over each photograph using your mouse will bring up a caption about the image being viewed. Click this link www.johnstirlingphotography.com to go to the website now, or access it later by clicking the link under the \u2018Check out my Website\u2019 caption at the top of the right hand column of the blog. There, you can view my photographs at your leisure!\nHey Xandre \u2013 The colours are what makes the island different from Venice! Venice is all history and natural deterioration of buildings. Burano, even though the buildings are old, is better looked after and the colours give the place a clean, fresh and almost \u2018arty\u2019 feel. I assume you didn\u2019t have time to visit when you were in Venice itself?\nI love the colourful buildings, the green shutters and the beautiful details of the windows on the second row of the pink building in the third photo !", "Most all companies these days, have a website \u2013 ensure you Learn as much about the company before attending the interview. Be Careful \u2013 don\u2019t come across as a know it all. Instead, use the information to ask questions about the company and role.\nList on paper all the questions you think an interviewer may ask you. Prepare sample answers, writing these down also \u2013 the act of writing down the questions and answers will ensure you remember them. Practice with someone answering these questions.\nThink about your weaknesses. What would you be prepared to expose as an area of your experience/skill that is currently lacking? Interviewers expect people to emphasize their strengths but do not expect to hear of a \u201cneed\u201d. They will appreciate your candor, it will impress them. However, ensure whatever you disclose can be easily remedied or you can show how you are overcoming the weakness.\nGo over your resume and plan how you will address any \u201ctime gaps\u201d. For instance, if you had a couple of months between leaving one job and taking up the next, make sure you have a legitimate explanation.\nEnsure your past history, academia and work, is achievement driven. Be prepared to talk about specific achievements rather than your job description. Explain how you feel/felt about a success or failure.\nAvoid those questions that push the interviewer for a commitment \u2013 unless you are interviewing for a sales job.\nFind something positive about the company from your web browsing that you feel the interviewer will know about and feed them the opportunity to (proudly) talk about it. Leaving a good impression after the interview may help with other recommendations or referrals either within or outside the company.\nIF your resume does not contain a photograph ensure that you have both a spare photo and resume with you. When the interviewer is going back through their interview notes it helps them to recall you more easily.\nRegardless of how genuine the reason, a late arrival is usually viewed as a huge negative and your fault. Make a test run to the interview location the day before. Ensure your mobile phone is fully charged and use a GPS app if possible. Should you get stuck in traffic, you can at least warn the interviewer of your delay and approximate time of arrival.", "Gutters Kelland and general gutter repairs and installation in Kelland!\nLooking for gutter experts in the city? Gutters Kelland is just a click away with a wide range of gutters and services on offer, you can be sure to find what you are looking for when you get in touch with us. With over 25 years in the industry, gutter repairs and installations in Kelland know everything about gutters, read more about our gutter services and products.\nGutters Kelland is committed to providing you with the highest quality gutters in the city.\nAt Gutters Kelland our commitment to providing our clients with the very best quality in gutter services and products at cost-friendly makes Gutters Kelland a pioneer in the industry.\nGutters Kelland is your best choice if you are looking to get more value for your money while ensuring that you are backed up by warranties and guarantees that start with a minimum cover of 10 years!\nGutters Kelland your trusted specialists when it comes to everything gutter!.\nAt Gutters Kelland we offer our customers a wide range of gutter types and products, if you are looking for custom gutter types you are at the right place. We offer the most popular gutter types at competitive rates.\nAt Gutters Kelland we provide customers with the latest in gutter fabrications and manufacturing technologies to ensure the highest quality workmanship.\nGutters Kelland aims to provide our customers with a reliable source of gutters in a variety of forms and designs. Speak to our gutter expert and you can find out how easy and affordable it is to get started!\nGutters Kelland is you go to shop for a wide range of quality Gutters solutions at the best prices in town.\nAt Gutters Kelland our staff members will go the extra mile to ensure that you have gutters that suit your exact needs and requirements. If you would like more information on our gutters please feel free to contact us regarding any gutter system of your interest and we will be happy to provide you with a free quotation.", "Fans of Injustice are getting a second run at a fan-fave character.\nOne thing that has kept players constantly playing the mobile edition of Injustice Gods Among Us is the new characters and new character skins available through the Challenge Mode. Each character is only available for a certain amount of time, then the only chance to get it is through random chance by buying Challenge Packs in the game store at a rate of 150,000 credits each.\nEvery now and then Netherstorm, the makers of Injustice, give players a second chance. They offered up Batgirl for second time at the end of August and now we are seeing the return of Darkseid. Why is Darkseid so sought after? When teamed with Bronze characters, those characters get a 300 percent boost in health and damage, plus Darkseid is a powerful Gold character in his own right.\nThe Darkseid Challenge requires players to have Cyborg for the second part of the challenge, Catwoman for the fourth, and Black Adam for the fifth (and final) part of the challenge. The Challenge Mode can be played through three times, each time earning players a copy of Darkseid.\nThe mode becomes more difficult with each completion, so having Cyborg, Catwoman, and Black Adam in gold, fully promoted, and level capped is preferable. The big difference between this challenge and past challenges is that after the challenge has been complete once, players must have two or three challenge credits to enter a battle, making it much more difficult to complete the challenge's three runs during the allotted time. For more info tips and tricks for completing the Challenge Mode, check out my Challenge Mode guide and my Injustice power leveling guide.\nCharacters can be promoted up to seven times, each at a different credit cost, so even if you can\u2019t defeat the Darkseid Challenge Mode all three times, you can still purchase promotions. Promoting Darkseid costs 274,000 credits.\nThe Darkseid Challenge Mode is available until September 23rd.\nWill you be checking out What We Do in the Shadows?", "Tech sector growth has seen a 30 per cent increase in its economic impact for Greater Victoria since 2013, according to results of a study released Monday morning.\nA Victoria Innovation, Advanced Technology and Entrepreneurship Council (VIATEC) report says combined direct and indirect economic impact was $5.22 billion from local technology firms in 2017, up from the $4.03 billion estimates in 2013.\nThe study says tech sector revenue and the number of firms in the region outpaces the national average.\nVIATEC says the sector is expected to grow and the council says it has adopted a strategic plan to support the region\u2019s tech sector to achieve $10 billion in annual revenue by 2030.\nIndustry revenue has jumped from $1 billion in 2004 to $4.06 in 2017.\nThe study, which surveyed local technology companies, says the number of technology firms has climbed from 910 in 2013 to 955 last year, with 16,775 employees in the region.\nOf the technology firms in the region, 895 are in the services sector and 60 are in the manufacturing sector.\nVIATEC says the number of technology firms in the region is expected to reach more than 1,000 by 2020.\nThe technology sector includes firms producing digital and software products and services, to aerospace and pharmaceuticals.\nThe report says the technology sector contributes nearly $14.6 billion into B.C.\u2019s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2016 or roughly seven per cent of the province\u2019s GDP.\nWages for tech sector workers in the province have been on a steady rise.\nThe average weekly earnings for tech sector employees was near $1,690 in 2016, compared to just $920 for the average employee in B.C.\nUniversity of Victoria senior economics lecturer Alan Chaffe was commissioned as an independent researcher for the study.", "Save time, empower your teams and effectively upgrade your processes with access to this practical Banking as a Service Toolkit and guide. Address common challenges with best-practice templates, step-by-step work plans and maturity diagnostics for any Banking as a Service related project.\nThe latest quick edition of the Banking as a Service Self Assessment book in PDF containing 49 requirements to perform a quickscan, get an overview and share with stakeholders.\nFeaturing new and updated case-based questions, organized into seven core areas of process design, this Self-Assessment will help you identify areas in which Banking as a Service improvements can be made.\nDo we aggressively reward and promote the people who have the biggest impact on creating excellent Banking as a Service services/products?\nHow will the Banking as a Service team and the group measure complete success of Banking as a Service?\nHow frequently do you track Banking as a Service measures?\nFormal Acceptance: General estimate of the costs and times to complete the Banking as a Service project?\nHuman Resource Management Plan: Are Banking as a Service project team members involved in detailed estimating and scheduling?\nLessons Learned: Under what legal authority did the organization head and program manager direct the organization and Banking as a Service project?\nActivity Cost Estimates: What is the last item a Banking as a Service project manager must do to finalize Banking as a Service project close-out?\nStep-by-step and complete Banking as a Service Project Management Forms and Templates including check box criteria and templates.\nWith this Three Step process you will have all the tools you need for any Banking as a Service project with this in-depth Banking as a Service Toolkit.\nThis Toolkit empowers people to do just that - whether their title is entrepreneur, manager, consultant, (Vice-)President, CxO etc... - they are the people who rule the future. They are the person who asks the right questions to make Banking as a Service investments work better.\nThis Banking as a Service All-Inclusive Toolkit enables You to be that person.", "2003 Ford Econoline E350 Super Duty Extended Merlot exterior with Gray interior One corporate owner with a clean CARFAX with no accident and no issue. 9400 GVWR one ton extended super van powered by a 5.4 liter V-8 great running truck Ice cold air conditioning and four new Goodyear tires. Work ready van!!\n2010 Ford Escape XLT 4WD Onyx Black exterior with Beige interior ALL WHEEL DRIVE!! GREAT IN ALL KINDS OF WEATHER One female owner with a perfect CARFAX history! 3.0 liter V-6 with 6 speed automatic transmission and all wheel drive. This Escape is Flexible Fuel, you can put regular gas in it or E85 Extra clean both inside and out, and it drives and runs like the day it was new. Loaded . . .\n2012 Ford Fusion White Suede exterior with Camel interior Great car that runs and drives like it is new. Highway miles and this car has a perfect CARFAX history with no accident and no issues---CARFAX certified! Salesmen driven with all highway miles!! Non-smoker with no rips, stains or odors inside. Power comes from a 2.5 liter 4 cyl that is smooth with superb performance and gas mileage!!\n2006 Ford Ranger Supercab XLT Dark Shadow Gray exterior with Charcoal interior This is a ONE OWNER truck that has a perfect CARFAX history with no issue and no accidents. Powered by a 3.0 liter V6 with automatic transmission, nicely equipped with air conditioning, tilt wheel, cruise control, cold weather group and more!! Drives and runs like new and in very clean inside and out. Auto . . .", "One final post for 2009, to bring the curtain down on a great year. These are my two favourite alternative sports videos of the year, for you to enjoy as the curtain comes down on a great (and controversial) year in sport. It\u2019s easy to be bogged down in the detail and to overlook the remarkable, which I hope these videos capture to some extent.\nFirst up, a video that we featured in April this year, showing Danny Macaskill, a trials rider, showing some skills over a period of a few months in Edinburgh. Everything about this video \u2013 the skill, the setting, the soundtrack (a song by Band of Horses called \u201cFuneral\u201d, for those who are interested), the editing, is just breath-taking, and it\u2019s my favourite video of 2009.\nNext, a video of extreme sport \u2013 wingsuit jumping. What is most incredible about this is how difficult it must be to learn it. Learning a sport like golf or tennis is difficult, sure, but there\u2019s a very set process by which you improve, systematically acquiring skill, practicing, obtaining feedback and then improving.\nAn activity like this, there is one chance. I can\u2019t get my mind around how remarkable the process is by which these guys learn to do this. I assume these men all begin as sky-divers, evolve into base-jumping and then eventually graduate to \u2018buzzing the walls\u2019 while wearing outfits that you\u2019d expect to see in a sci-fi movie. The penalty for miscalculation is severe, and the opportunities to experiment limited, and these men are right on the limit of extreme. It\u2019s quite incredible. Enjoy!\nAnd on that note, a final thank you to everyone for reading, contributing and supporting us on The Science of Sport in 2009!\nWe hope that 2010 brings more of the same, and we\u2019ll do our very best to keep covering it!", "CloudFlare is a service that sits between the Internet and its customers\u2019 web servers, protecting them and speeding them up.\nSome days ago I submitted a vulnerability report to a site that I think is one of your customers. I don\u2019t want to disclose their name at the moment as I am not sure they are OK with that. They might have been in contact with you already, since the problem seems to be with functionality you provide.\nWhen these URLs are accessed, your server nicely gets the page in the r parameter and returns it in the response. Multiple instances of r in the same URL are also possible.\nThis could be exploited by someone who wants to access another URL, but anonymously (except for your logs of course), or to access pages \u201cin your name\u201d, making you look bad.\nIt could also be exploited in another, more serious way. If you happen to have any internal web servers that are not visible to the internet (for example a bug tracker), they might be visible to the computer hosting cloudflare.com. Then this vuln could be used to fetch files from the internal servers (given that the attacker knows the URLs or brute forces them).\nA search on Google for this type of URL shows that many sites has the same problem. I don\u2019t know if you can fix it in one place or if you have to roll it out to all these sites.\nIn short, the vulnerability would allow an attacker to download content via a server acting as a gateway to the inside of CloudFlare, or to anywhere else.\nAfter this, the whole experience was very smooth. John Roberts, Platform Lead at CloudFlare, who was my contact during the following discussion, was very nice about it all. CloudFlare does not have a reward program, but I was offered a T-shirt as a token of appreciation.", "Singular Medical Technologies showed off a solution at this year\u2019s RSNA annual meeting that allows radiologists to read exams from multiple hospitals and PACS on one workstation and with a single work list.\nThe company\u2019s RADSOFT Unify software was designed for small radiology groups that need to work with PACS from multiple facilities, said Felix Garcia, the chief executive officer of Singular Medical Technologies. An HL7 interface and back end database access are not needed and the radiologists use the hospital\u2019s PACS and dictation systems by logging in via a virtual private network (VPN).\nThe idea is to avoid radiologists needing to have a specific workstation for each location, Garcia said.\nGarcia said the company developed a way, using what\u2019s called robotic automation, to extract data from the various work lists.\nHospitals also have their own PACS viewers and dictation platforms, so the system can access those and pull them into one workstation, and also access the dictation system for only the PACS that\u2019s in use at the time.\nThe idea is to increase radiologist productivity and improve patient outcomes. A study of a 50-member radiology group in Florida over nine months showed an increase in productivity of between 15 and 30 percent, with an increase in the number of studies they read and a decrease in the amount of time they took to read them, Garcia said.\nGarcia said there are similar solutions out there, but they are more complicated to install. The RADSOFT Unify can be set up in three to six months, according to Garcia.\nThe software is currently being used in beta form in several locations and Garcia said the response has been positive. The company hopes to deploy it in the coming months.\nThe company is currently developing a way to log in to the system via facial recognition as well as with key card access, and is using AI to make the list smarter, by doing such things as disabling \u201ccherry picking\u201d of cases, Garcia said.", "We hope everyone has a fun and safe Labor Day weekend. If you need bird feeding supplies don\u2019t forget to stop by on Friday or Saturday. The Wood Thrush Shop will be closed Monday September 3rd. We will re-open on the 4th at normal hours.\nThings are starting to slow down a bit at seed feeders, so I thought it would be a good time to revisit some old blog posts that are still very relevant for this time of year with the upcoming fall migration. Click on the linked title of each blog post to see the entire post.\nPeak time for Hummingbirds: As many of you are aware the Hummingbird activity has geared up quite a bit since mid-August. Click here to read our blog post detailing all the reasons we see so many of these little birds this time of year.\nHummingbird Happy Hour: Don\u2019t forget there is still time to purchase tickets to the Hummingbird Happy Hour at The Warner Park Nature Center on September 7th. Proceeds from ticket and art sales will support the Bird Information, Research and Data (B.I.R.D) programs. Click Here for more info.\nDrippers, Misters and Moving Water: This time of year water can be scarce. Having a clean fresh birdbath is a great way to attract birds. Click here to check out this blog post all about adding moving water to your birdbath or backyard water source.\nThe Warner parks have been conducting bird research since the 1930's. Today, Park staff and volunteers conduct extensive banding and bird counts, and take part in Project FeederWatch, a survey of winter bird populations across North America conducted by the Cornell Lab of Ornithology and Bird Studies Canada.\nJoin the Warner Park Nature Center for the second annual Hummingbird Happy Hour on Friday, September 7, 2018 from 6:00pm- 9:00pm. Proceeds from ticket and art sales will support the Bird Information, Research and Data (B.I.R.D) programs, keeping these programs free and available for schools, families and Park visitors.\nTickets are available for purchase at the Warner Park Nature Center or online through the Friends of Warner Parks website. Click Here to purchase tickets.", "It\u2019s the last of the festive season, and your skin has taken an absolute beating. Thanks to loads of over indulging your skin will land up looking dull and tired. However, you can restore a radiant skin despite the toll all the sugary food and alcohol has taken.\nHere are our top tips on how to keep your complexion looking radiant no matter what.\nAlthough the extreme weather conditions tend to make you either want to avoid creams (Southern Hemisphere) or slather on the products (Northern Hemisphere), neither is ideal. The best route is to keep it simple! Make sure to cleanse, tone and moisturise every day and exfoliate once a week for an easy and manageable regime.\nDuring the festive period, it\u2019s easy to indulge in everything from sweet and salty foods to alcohol. These foods tend to dry out your skin and can lead to accelerated ageing, dehydration and the formation of fine lines. Drink a minimum of eight glasses of water a day to give your complexion a healthy boost!\nTake the time to give your skin a helping hand, by just adding a \u2018booster\u2019 such as a mask, serum or a rejuvenating facial.\nA balanced diet will not only help you fight off the bugs and colds. But it also boosts the skin resulting in a healthy and glowing complexion.\nNo matter how late the night is, cleanse your skin. Cleansing is important to rid your skin of dirt and bacteria. Avoid clogging up pores with the day\u2019s dirt which results in a dull complexion and breakouts.\nThe party season can mean lots of late nights, but try to get at least eight hours of sleep as this not only keeps your body well-rested but also allows skin to rejuvenate itself naturally.\nThank you so much we truly value your readership and feedback. Have a fabulous 2017!", "MVPs: Miz. He deserved to win MITB more than anyone on the roster. A man who has come so far in such a short time. I look forward to seeing him as WWE champion in the very near future.\nOverall Rating: It was a good PPV, but not mind-blowing. I really did not like Kane winning the Smackdown MITB. Fine, so he is trying to figure out who took out Taker. Based on the MITB win, I am almost certain one of two things will happen: (1) Swagger admits taking out Taker; or (2) Kane will just say he was the one who did it.\nI really feel for Rey Mysterio. The poor guy cannot catch a break. Both of his World Title reigns were basically horribly booked and made him a mere transitional champion. I understand he's small and does not fit the Vince prototype, but can you really hold that against him, especially when he's so popular with the fans? If Vince can shove Cena down our throats over and over again, can't WWE push Rey to the moon and give him a proper reign just ONCE?!\nRumors are circulating that John Cena could turn heel and join up with Nexus. Frankly, I would love that. Cena likely wouldn't be boring and stale anymore. The big problem is obviously merchandise. Cena moves more merchandise than anyone else in WWE, and until someone else can step up (i.e., Bourne, Orton, Kofi, Morrison, etc.), then Cena will likely be stuck as a face.\nThe other name bounced around to be the mastermind behind Nexus is HHH, as the Game has wanted to turn heel for a while now (and since there is no HBK, he's really free to do so now). However, that seems unlikely -- at least for now. HHH will be out a while longer to recover from surgery.", "Nearly six in ten Republicans can't see themselves supporting Chris Christie in next year's GOP primaries, underscoring the significant hurdles confronting the New Jersey governor as he prepares to make his White House bid official.\nAccording to an NBC News-Wall Street Journal survey released Monday, only 32 percent of Republican primary voters can envision supporting Christie, while 57 percent say they cannot. Only carnival barker Donald Trump received a higher negative score, with 74 percent saying they couldn't see themselves voting for the game show host. In its summary of the poll, the Wall Street Journal wrote that Christie's grim numbers show him to be in a \"deep hole\" -- a far cry from the glory days of late 2013, when Christie was fresh off a 22-point re-election victory and topped many national surveys of the GOP field.\nLike Christie, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has encountered considerable suspicion on the Republican right, but the NBC-WSJ poll found him faring far better than the Garden State governor. A 49 percent plurality indicated they could see themselves voting for Bush, while 42 percent said they could not.\nAmong the more intriguing findings in the poll: Despite right-wing furor over his 2013 support for immigration reform, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) boasted the highest number of Republicans saying they could vote for him, with 56 percent saying the could envision casting a ballot for him and 26 percent saying they could not. Rubio only polls in the mid-single digits in surveys of the Republican field, but he has also met with some early success in wooing wealthy megadonors, and the new findings suggest that he has an opening to build support among the party's rank-and-file.", "Neon and 30WEST have nabbed domestic rights to \u201cI, Tonya,\u201d a dark comedy about Olympic skater Tonya Harding. The deal was signed out of the Toronto Film Festival, where the film premiered over the weekend. It is in the $5 million range.\nThe big draw here is star Margot Robbie, who plays Harding, a gold medal hopeful whose career was derailed after her ex-husband cooked up a scheme to hobble Nancy Kerrigan. There\u2019s some chatter that Robbie could end up in the awards race, but other potential buyers who looked at the picture thought it had only limited commercial appeal. Netflix, CBS Films, and Annapurna had kicked the tires on the picture at various points in a bidding process that never got as hot as the agents and producers thought it would. CBS Films had bid $6 million prior to the screening, but lowered the bid to $2 million after the film showed, according to an insider.\nAlong with Robbie, Allison Janney stars as Harding\u2019s mother and Sebastian Stan appears as Jeff Gillooly, Harding\u2019s ex-husband. The film is directed by Craig Gillespie (\u201cLars and the Real Girl\u201d) with a screenplay by Steven Rogers (\u201cLove the Coopers\u201d).\n30WEST is a new venture founded by Micah Green, a former CAA agent, and entrepreneur Dan Friedkin. At Toronto, the company partnered with Cinetic to negotiate a deal to sell domestic rights Morgan Spurlock\u2019s sequel to \u201cSuper Size Me\u201d to YouTube Red.\nAI Films financed the project. CAA and UTA represented the \u201cI, Tonya\u201d filmmakers, while Vince Holden of AI Films brokered the deal. Sierra/Affinity is handling international rights and has already pre-sold many territories.", "Bethesda\u2019s chief game creator, Todd Howard, knows what Elder Scrolls VI should be like, but his team needs more time and perhaps better technology to make it.\nGeoff Keighley: Are you guys going to do an Elder Scrolls VI?\nTodd Howard: That\u2019s kind of like the elephant in the room always when we talk about anything. And I think it\u2019s good in these moments to tell our fans, \u2018Yes, of course we are. It\u2019s something we love.\u2019 But it is\u2013you know, I have to be careful what I say\u2013it\u2019s a very long way off.\nI could sit here and explain the game to you, and you would say, \u2018That sounds like you don\u2019t even have the technology\u2013how long is that going to take?\u2019 And so is is something that is going to take a lot of time what we have in mind for that game.\nAnd we actually have two other large projects we\u2019re also doing that are bigger than anything we\u2019ve done. People will probably hear about those probably even before Elder Scrolls VI. And that\u2019ll make sense many years from now.\nKeighley: So that\u2019s amazing. You have a vision in your mind of what you want Elder Scrolls VI to be.\nHoward: We think very long term. We\u2019re not a developer that\u2019s going to, like, rush something like this out [or do that] with any of our games. When you think of the future of that kind of game, we have a pretty good idea of what it\u2019s going to be and it\u2019s just going to take technology and time that really we don\u2019t have necessarily right now.\nThe previous Elder Scrolls, Skyrim, was released in 2011 and is being remastered for Xbox One, PS4 and PC later this year.\nNo word from Howard on what those two other big Bethesda games will be, but it sure sounds like they\u2019re keeping busy. Howard noted that Bethesda continues to expand so even if this all sounds ambitious for them, perhaps they can pull it all off.", "Professionals of all levels working with people in all capacities benefit from increased knowledge and skill in providing clients with effective care addressing suicide prevention, intervention and postvention.\n\u200bE-mail JoAnn if you're interested in discussing development of a training specific to your needs.\nAll workshops are prepared to fit your needs. The presenter, in collaboration with the workshop organizers, adapts any information and skills to the cultural beliefs and values of the audience.\nThe internationally recognized evidence based trainings of QPR (Question, Persuade, Refer), and ASIST (Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training) are also available.\nJoAnn Sartorius has worked with Native Communities as well as other cultural groups of New Mexico for over thirty years.\nAfter hundreds of workshops facilitated nationally and internationally, JoAnn will be happy to talk with you about what might work best with your staff. There are many organizations in New Mexico that can provide training and JoAnn will help you find the best fit. It is often possible to locate a training provided free of charge by the Department of Health/Office of School and Adolescent Health, or other organization working to reduce suicide in New Mexico.\nWorkshops ranging from 1 hour to 2 days can be developed to address the particular needs of your staff. A short workshop can introduce information and concepts, and prepare your staff for a more intensive and extensive follow up session. Longer workshops allow for in-depth exploration of evidence based models and practice with those models. Professionals are not exempt from first hand experience with suicide both in their work and in their personal lives, and in the longer workshops, they are able to examine their own life experiences and investigate how those experiences effect their ability as helpers.\nSchools are a particularly ripe venue for suicide prevention training. From teachers to behavioral health providers to auxiliary staff, all adults in a school should be trained as suicide prevention gatekeepers. In addition, consultation or a workshop is available for school teams looking to establish a suicide prevention or postvention protocol. Training is also available for schools seeking to implement a peer to peer helping program.", "Tag: 2004 Games, Adel Saatchi & Saatchi, Alpha Express Martin Gottbrath, Athens 2004 Organizing Committee, Attica, BMG Advertising, c503c, Centro Umbria Arte Communication, Ellinas Xenagos (Greek Guide), Gnomi FCB, GOUP, Greek National Tourism Organization (GNTO), Leo Burnett and Olympic DDB (BBDO Athens), Mass & JBR Hellas LTD, Metron AD S.A., promotional campaign, Screenshot Agentur Fur Werbung, TEC Counseling S.A.\nTwelve companies have applied to participate in the Hellenic Tourism Organization\u2018s competition for the promotion of Attica in view of the 2004 Olympic Games. The organization said it was pleased with the strong response.\nThe committee that will look over the proposals received and evaluate each includes representatives from the hotel sector, the transportation sector, the Olympic Games Committee and from government quarters.\nExecutives inside the Hellenic Tourism Organization estimate that the entire competition will have been completed by the end of November 2001, so that the results can be announced at the beginning of 2002.\nThe companies or consortiums that have displayed interest in the program for the promotion of Attica include the: GOUP; Screenshot Agentur Fur Werbung; BMG Advertising; Adel Saatchi & Saatchi; Centro Umbria Arte Communication; Gnomi FCB; Mass & JBR Hellas LTD; Metron AD S.A.; Ellinas Xenagos (Greek Guide); the consortium of BBDO Athens, Leo Burnett and Olympic DDB; Alpha Express Martin Gottbrath; and TEC Counseling S.A.", "If the Indiana state legislature thinks that abolishing township boards will improve transparency and accountability in township government, they are wrong. It would make things worse. The county council does have oversight now, as does the state board of accounts, so by eliminating township boards the state legislature would actually be removing a level of oversight.\nIn Monroe County alone: There is simply no way that a seven-member county council will provide the same oversight of the 11 trustees as 33 township board members. If there are problems with what the trustee is doing, less oversight will make it worse, not better. The council already has a lot of work to do, as does the county auditor. Adding increased oversight of township government finances to the existing duties of the auditor and council will make it less likely that abuse will be caught, not more likely.\nTownship board members are not paid well. Each board member in Perry Township gets about $3300 a year. That is less that one percent of the total township budget of over one million dollars. If you find waste and abuse of finances, you will find it in what the township trustee is doing, not the township board\u2019s pittance of a salary. This is not a high-profile, politically powerful position. The trustee has more power than the board does.\nYou can make the case for abolishing township government completely and moving the duties to county government. I am not convinced at this time that would be good policy, because centralizing power could make it less efficient and slower. When people need emergency assistance, that is not something we want to have, and the trustee can move faster than a county-level agency would be able to move. With that said, I can be convinced that abolishing townships would be a good idea. However, getting rid of township boards while leaving everything else intact is foolish. The legislature was right to reject that scheme.", "In the early stages of age-related macular degeneration (AMD),there are a few small drusen. Increase the frequency of the useof \u201cI\u201d statements tocommunicate feelings. Due to extensive use as monotherapy,MQ-resistance among P.\nIt is the first line approach for mostpatients of simple constipation. Fixed dose of 100 mg BD is used(not titrated according to response).  who distinguished between infection by the hematoge-nous route or infection locally acquired by exogenous invasion of bacteria. With the use of special techniques,metallic artifacts can be minimized . K+ is excreted in faecal water by exchangewith Na+ buy avodart 0.5mg as well as by secretion into mucus andin desquamated cells.\n(1995) Validation of the exceptionallongevity case of a 120-year-old woman. Usually buy avodart 0.5mg thetarget molecule for the control sample was labeled with agreen dye detector molecule and the target molecule for thetreated sample was labeled with a red dye detector molecule.At the hybridization step, equal amounts of the red- andgreen-labeled target molecules were cohybridized to theprobes. Effects of the SpeechEasyon objective and perceived aspects of stuttering: A 6-month buy avodart 0.5mg Phase I clinical trial innaturalistic environments. ADH increases water reabsorptionby the kidney tubules while aldosterone and cortisol in-crease reabsorption of Na+ ions and therefore water bythe kidneys to the blood. Higgins JPT buy avodart 0.5mg Thompson SG, Deeks JJ, Altman DG. cases or controls), or to include mortality (dead or alive).However, event status could be used for any defined feature, for example, quitsmoking (cases) or not (controls), or leaves hospital within 30 days (cases) ornot (controls).", "How is a Trucking Collision Different From a Car Crash?\nA one-vehicle rollover car crash in New Mexico recently killed Texas A&M defensive lineman Polo Manukainiu,19, and Utah defensive lineman Gaius \"Keio\" Vaenuku, 18. They were heading back to suburban Dallas at the time.\nState police say it appears that the 2002 Toyota Sequoia was driving southbound on U.S. Highway 550 just north of Cuba when the vehicle drifted off the road to the passenger side. The driver overcorrected which caused him to lose control of the vehicle and roll several times. Two passengers were thrown out of the vehicle.\nManukainiu and Vaenuku, both passengers, were \"declared deceased upon arrival of officers.\" A 13-year-old passenger, Andrew Uhatafe, was also killed. The two survivors were Utah freshman offensive tackle Siaosi Uhatafe and his father, Salesi Sr. Siaosi Uhatafe. It is not clear who the driver was, but they were the only one in the car wearing a seat belt.\nManukainiu played football at Trinity High School in Euless, west of Dallas, and was part of the Aggies' 2012 signing class.\n\"We lost a terrific young man,\" Texas A&M coach Kevin Sumlin said. \"Polo was loved by his teammates and coaches. Anyone who came in contact with him was struck by his sense of humor and smile. My heart aches for his mom and family members.\"\nThis is the second car crash-related tragedy for Texas A&M in less than two years. In December 2011, senior offense lineman Joseph Villavisencio was killed in a trucking collision about 40 miles from College Station.\nOur law firm offers sincere condolences to the family and friends of the victims of this tragic car crash.", "Most of my jQuery components needs some custom attribute to be set on DOM tags I want to manipulate. That just to simplifying code writing and to have an intuitive approach to the constructive theme.\nAll this attributes are not W3C compliant and that prevent the use of them in a public html or xhtml context for whom wants a complete W3C code compliance.\nI spent some time searching the way to do that and finally I discover the jquery.metadata plug-in that solves this problem. It allow to use a JSON syntax inside a \u201cclass\u201d attribute, or inside a custom attribute (but this wouldn\u2019t be appreciated by W3C!), or inside a specific tag like \u201c<script/>\u201d, to set properties that you can than attach to your element.\nbringing to w3c compliance the component\u2019s code, and it\u2019s really great!\nI\u2019m modifying my components code to accept this new syntax and soon I\u2019ll publish new releases of each one as W3C compliant code.\nBut don\u2019t be afraid, if you think that the old way was better the variations I\u2019m making to the code permit both the approach; if you add the jquery.metadata plug-in and you write the properties inside the \u201cclass\u201d attribute than my component will read those, otherwise it\u2019ll look for the corresponding custom attribute directly on the tag element.\nI think that\u2026 if you\u2019re going to use namespaces with xhtml pages, you\u2019ll get in trouble with non xhtml compliant browsers\u2026 like ie6 and ie7.\n@mihai: this is an approach I saw in a Microsoft video. MS are using this for all their client-side Ajax controls, so it\u2019ll definately be supported in IE. The video is Bertrand Le Roy\u2019s session at pdc2009, number PC32.\nHad you considered adding namespaced attributes to your documents?\nI don\u2019t know if this is a worthwhile approach, but I thought I\u2019d mention it.\nI\u2019ll try with namespaced attribute instad of metadata; that would be more readable and clean.", "Monday - Essay portion of the exam AND exam review.\nTuesday - Multiple choice portion of the final exam.\n4th Block - Finished rights and liberties notes; Test tomorrow.\n3rd and 4th - Exam Essay on Monday; Exam MC on Tuesday.\nNotes and individual assignment on Civil Rights.\n3rd Block - Test on Thursday.\n4th Block - Test on Friday.\nFinal Exam - Essay portion on Monday; Multiple Choice on Tuesday.\n1. Discussed freedom of speech.\n2. Took notes on assembly, petition, and rights of the accused.\nToday in class we discussed cases related to the Establishment Clause and the Free Exercise Clause.\n1. Discussed ways to lose citizenship.\n2. Took notes on rights and liberties AND Freedom of Religion.\n3. Identified the responsibilities of citizens.\n4. Completed the Establishment Clause Chart (Wednesday folder).\nToday we spent 1/2 of the block in the library working on the paper that is due on Friday.\nWe also discussed citizenship and took the US Citizenship test.\nHW: Read 14.1, 13.1 and 13.2 by tomorrow.\n1. Read the 14th Amendment.\n2. Took notes on Citizenship.\n3. Watched a video - Bill of Rights / Bill of Responsibilities.\n4. HW: Read 14.1, 13.1 and 13.2 by Wednesday.\nToday in class we took a quiz on Chapter 18 and 19.\nWe also reviewed the learning targets for our LAST unit and defined the vocab terms for the next unit.\nPaper is due on 5/11.\nNotebook checks will begin next week.\nToday in class we finished our study of the role of the media in government and politics. If you were absent, be sure to get the notes from a friend.\nReminder: Paper due on 5/11.", "Image Title: Antique American Oak Library Ladder For Sale At 1stdibs Regarding Inspirations 3. Post Title: Library Ladder For Sale. Filename: antique-american-oak-library-ladder-for-sale-at-1stdibs-regarding-inspirations-3.jpg. Image Dimension: 768 x 768 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: msdathletics. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - January 29th. 2019 12:16:06 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: interiordesign.net. Library Ladders For Sale Amazing 10 Rockler Exclusive Classic Wood In Ladder Decor 17. Rolling Ladder Kits For Sale Buy Library Parts With Regard To Decorations 10. Library Ladders For Sale Rolling Bookshelf Ladder Pertaining To Decorations 8. Our New Bookcases And Library Ladder Gnome Lover Intended For Sale Plans 12. Library Ladder For Sale 8 Canada Playdepo Info Regarding Prepare 15. Antique American Oak Library Ladder For Sale At 1stdibs Regarding Inspirations 3. A Buyer S Guide To The Most Beautiful Library Ladders With Regard Ladder For Sale Design 5. Rolling Ladder For Sale Warehouse Ladders Like New With Regard To Library Plans 19. Rolling Library Ladder Ladders Kits Regarding For Sale Decorations 11. Rolling Ladders For Sale Bdotnet With Regard To Library Ladder Ideas 2.", "https://www.tradingdepot.co.uk/ring-video-doorbell-satin-nickel-8vr1s5-oeuo 79041 Ring Video Doorbell Satin Nickel - 8VR1S5-0EU0 https://www.tradingdepot.co.uk/media/catalog/product/8/v/8vr1s5-0eu0.jpg 74.16 74.1600 GBP InStock /Electrical/Innovation /Electrical/Outdoor Electrics /Electrical Door Bells/Wireless Doorbells /Electrical/Outdoor Electrics /Electrical Door Bells/Wired Doorbells /Brands/Ring The Ring video doorbell allows you to answer the door from anywhere. Never miss a visitor with the ring doorbell!\nNever miss a visitor with this Ring video doorbell, you can answer the door from anywhere. Get an instant alert to your smart device when anyone presses the doorbell or triggers the built-in motion sensor. With two-way voice interaction, you can see, hear and speak to your visitor by using the Ring app on your smartphone, tablet or PC.\nThe Ring doorbell also lets you customise your motion sensors so you'll always be first to know when you have a visitor. It has infrared night vision and a weather-resistant design so you can monitor your home no matter the time of day or night or weather conditions.\nTo power this doorbell simply use the built-in rechargable battery or connect it to your existing doorbell wiring for a non-stop charge. Battery life is 6 - 12 months.", "Today, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross announced the affirmative preliminary determinations in the countervailing duty (CVD) investigations, finding that exporters of biodiesel from Argentina and Indonesia received countervailable subsidies of 50.29 to 64.17 percent and 41.06 to 68.28 percent, respectively. Commerce also determined that critical circumstances exist in the Argentina investigation, allowing for the collection of duties for a retroactive period of 90 days prior to publication of the preliminary determination in the Federal Register.\nMeanwhile, the Commerce Department will instruct U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to collect cash deposits from importers of biodiesel from Argentina and Indonesia based on the above preliminary rates.\nEnforcement of U.S. trade law is a prime focus of the Trump administration. From January 20 through August 22, Commerce initiated 56 antidumping and countervailing duty investigations \u2013 a 27 percent increase from the previous year. For the same time period in 2016, Commerce had initiated 44 antidumping and countervailing duty investigations.\nUnless the final determinations are postponed, Commerce is currently scheduled to announce its final CVD determinations on November 7.\nIf Commerce makes affirmative final determinations of subsidization and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) makes affirmative final injury determinations, Commerce will issue CVD orders. If Commerce makes negative final determinations of subsidization or the ITC makes negative final determinations of injury, the investigations will be terminated and no orders will be issued.", "Retrieved 25 September Archived from the original on 4 December This section does not cite any sources.\nKurup gets Jnanpith Award\u201d. Padmanabhan Sukumar Azhikode S.\nRetrieved 10 June Mayadevi is a noted gynaecologist in Aster Medicity, Cochin. Padma Vibhushan award recipients. Krishna Pillai C.\nPadmanabhan Anand Kovilan C. He also has been the part of various delegation at international events. He is survived by his wife, children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Retrieved kavitjakal September Radhakrishnan Olappamanna O.\nNational Film Award for Best Lyrics.\nKesava Menon Uroob G. Sanu Vishnunarayanan Namboothiri Puthussery Ramachandran International Business Times, India Edition.\nMeera Prabha Varma K. Parameswaran Amrita Pritam K. Gill Hafiz Mohamad Ibrahim H. Kalam Marunnu was his first film which was also the first film by the famous Malayalam composer G. Vijayan Kamala Surayya T. He has made many hit songs with popular music directors, including G.\nV Kurup was born to O. Cherukad Lalithambika Antharjanam Sugathakumari N. In other projects Wikimedia Commons. Retrieved 3 April He received the Jnanpith AwardIndia\u2019s highest literary award, for the year George Ponkunnam Kavitjakal M. Sreeraman Chandramathi Cherukad E. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.\nMohammed Vishnunarayanan Namboothiri Thikkodiyan T. Krishnan Nair Chembai E. Jasbir Singh Bajaj B. DevarajanRaveendranV.", "Whatever the size of your business, Inspire is the easy Business Intelligence tool that will help you recognize the KPIs of your company, by offering multidimensional, in-depth analysis and the ability to view statistics in several formats: pivot tables, charts and dynamic dashboards.\nInspire allows you to see the current status of your operations as well as key trends. Notable insights include: managing staff levels during slow or busy periods, identifying highest spending customers, pinpointing customers who purchase a limited range of products and tracking top selling items.\nInspire has in-built security to ensure that only the right person sees the right data in the right location, whether it be a restaurant manager seeing the data for their restaurant or a retail associate sitting in HQ able to see data across all shops.\nInspire BASIC is the entry-level version positioned at a very attractive price-point. The application is designed to suit the needs of customers, hosted on the Cloud. It is provided with an array of reports to suit differing tastes with a license that includes unlimited usage.\nInspire PREMIUM is the full-featured version. It includes the ability to create and edit reports, continuous data updates, permission groups and much more. Inspire PREMIUM can be connected to most PMS, ERP, Accounting and other business management systems.\nDisplay KPIs, central stock levels and the status of current promotions.\nThe tool can be rapidly deployed on the Cloud or in your own datacenter with a low cost of ownership.\nInspire is easy to use, powerful, fast and versatile with a user experience designed for all key members of an organization, irrespective of rank or experience.\nMultidimensional in-depth analysis, exportable in multiple formats.", "Home is the best medicine.\nRevival knows how important staying at home and in your community is to you. And, we know what it takes to make home care work. It\u2019s why we provide services that make it easier to overcome difficulties with day-to-day tasks, from medical regimens to meals.\nWe know that patients of all ages can maintain independent lives despite illness, injury or disability. Home health care allows them to remain as self-sufficient as possible, while receiving a broad range of skilled nursing, therapy and medical and support services in the privacy and familiarity of their own homes.\nMany families face the challenge of providing their loved ones with expert medical care and therapy and personal care, while they recuperate from an illness or injury or as they learn to live with long-term disabilities or terminal illnesses. Thanks to advances in medical technology, many medical procedures can be performed in the home setting by registered nurses. Physical, occupational and speech therapy can also be done at home, precluding the need for the patient to stay longer in a hospital or nursing home. Patients may need help with tasks like bathing, grooming, dressing, exercise, housekeeping, feeding, meal preparation and errands. In some cases, patients cannot be left alone without jeopardizing their safety or health.\nWhen care is provided by registered nurses, physical therapists, occupational therapists, speech therapists, aides, social workers and nutritionists, family caregivers can feel assured that their loved one is in the best hands.\nIndeed, a reputable, trusted home health care agency gives families the chance to take care of their own personal needs while allowing patients to retain their independence and dignity by remaining at home, in familiar surroundings.\nRevival Home Health Care provides superior care to patients of all ages. Our goal is to help patients reach their maximum physical potential and resume their normal daily lives as quickly as possible.", "Discussion in '3DS - Homebrew Development and Emulators' started by TurtleP, Dec 20, 2015.\nYou play as an infinitely bouncing ball attempting to nab as many coins as possible for a great high score. As the levels increase, so does the speed of the game. The problem is that spikes will appear on a random tile in the map every 5 seconds. At any given time, shields can spawn which protect you from dying once. Beginning on level 4 rockets that home in on you will spawn. Furthermore, gravity itself will flip every so often, so be careful. The main menu will allow you to use L or R to switch controls (default is Circle Pad, the other is D-Pad). So what's great in the port? Well, much like my other game, Space Fruit, one can activate 3D and also traverse between screens.\nI hope this will ease the wait for Hax0r for those who want to play that as well.\nSLiV3R, Cid2mizard, Games&Stuff and 7 others like this.\nLooks cool, interesting game for the two screens.\nAlright after quite a while, here it is: Antibounce! Download link is in the OP. Also if anyone knows how to change a thread name, please tell me.\nJJTapia19, Jack_Sparrow and GalladeGuy like this.\nOff topic, but that should have to be prevented with something like a sticker that ways WIP/Release/Preview which can be swapped when needed. Ah well. I'll get on that.\nIn the meantime, I hope you guys enjoy!\nIf you go to the credits, exit them, and go back, then it says that there's a lua error.\nNow I'll never know who made this game.\nOh. I'll fix it right now. Sorry, I've been busy patching up Hax0r.", "please read the following two paragraphs before clicking the calendars.\nIn 14 years since publishing this website, I have had less than a handful of people call me and ask why my Void of Course Moon Calendars have different times than other site(s) that post a Void of Course Moon Calendar. Recently I had one astrologer call to school me on my translation but yet he/she never bothered to entertain the calculation between the 27 degree and 3 degree movement. I don't understand how this movement cannot be considered when its clear that when we move from one house (residence) to another, we are in the midst of chaos. Many people are forgetting to simply observe astrology and then practice what they learn in the daily Life. No wonder astrology does not work for some people! A planet is 'in the void' when it is in the midst of moving from one sign into the next sign. It only makes sense! That calculated time 'should be' between 27 degrees of one sign and 3 degrees into the next sign. Other Void of Course Calendar's that you may see on the web state the Void is when the Moon makes no other aspects to other planets before it leaves its sign. It is a flat out ridiculous thought process to think that nothing is happening at any given time. I'm telling you folks, this calculation does not work in terms of the chaos and shake up movement as it does when it moves between 27 and 3 degrees. Not to mention THE MOON DICTATES OUR EMOTIONS! Now wonder we get all freaked out when changing from one thing to another . . that involves movement from one place to another. This particular astrologer who called pressed me to change my take on this in order to agree with others interpretations and I just won't do it because it simply does not work like it does when you use the 27 degree to 3 degree calculation. I'm sticking to my guns and that's final.\nSince the Moon rules the mother, it shows your relationship with your mother, just as Saturn rules the father and shows your relationship with your father. It may also show dietary habits and preferences with food.", "Oh la vache... nan mais s\u00e9rieux quoi... on a vraiment refuser \u00e0 Del Toro son 3e \u00e9pisode pour faire... \u00e7a??!!!!\nCa ne donne pas du tout envie!\nL\u00e0 comme \u00e7a je sens le flop.\nAu moins sur l'affiche de Venom y'avait Tom Hardy pour attirer la foule.\nRhol\u00e0l\u00e0 la mis\u00e8re quand tu compares la sc\u00e8ne de l'arriv\u00e9e de Hellboy sur Terre \u00e0 celle de Del Toro.\nC'est genre \"eh on a refait la sc\u00e8ne en version t\u00e9l\u00e9film\".\nAccording to the report, director Neil Marshall, who broke out with early-00s horror movies Dog Soldiers and The Descent before helming some of Game Of Thrones' best episodes, repeatedly clashed with two of Hellboy's producers throughout filming, and this boiled over when they fired Marshall's cinematographer of choice, Sam McCurdy. The noted 'insiders' claim that McCurdy was sacked from the movie because producers Lawrence Gordon and Lloyd Levin wanted to \"send a message\" to Marshall that despite being the film\u2019s director, he was not in charge.\nThe report doesn't stop with McCurdy's firing, however. Levin also apparently tried to be a co-director of sorts on the Hellboy set, cutting Marshall off when he was talking to the actors and dishing out alternate instructions.\nIn addition, Hellboy star David Harbour was noted to have \"repeatedly walked off set\" after Marshall wanted him to do more takes, and he and co-star Ian McShane also apparently helped others to re-write the script as production went on. Both of these claims have been denied by Levin's lawyer.\nThe conclusion of the report states that Marshall didn't even have final cut on Hellboy, and that the producers took the film off him when he handed in his own version, hinting that they likely made changes to it afterwards.", "Tobias Reichling (on the left) and Adrian Sch\u00fctz (on the right) both have studied computer science with main subject media studies at the university of Siegen. The software PicToBrick was developed in the context of their thesis with the title: \"Generating mosaics from multicolor raster graphics by optimized interaction of improved and newly developed quantisation and tiling algorithms\".\nThe idea for this thesis and the involved software PicToBrick is a result of Tobias\u2019 longtime hobby LEGO (see Tobias' Internet page concerning his hobby LEGO).\nThe photo was taken in August 2006 after finishing the first mosaic project \"10 DM Schein mit Johann Carl Friedrich Gau\u00df\" with Ministeck bricks (38.400 pixels).\nUniv.-Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Merzenich and Dipl.-Math. Simon Budig, section computer languages, for supporting our idea, for their excellent scientific management and advice and their competent and trend-setting assistance.\nJan Beyer (Denmark, Billund) LEGO group, for the gracious donation to help us to generate the mosaic \"Albert Einstein\" for the presentation of our thesis.\nHelmut Gottwald(Langenzenn-Kirchfembach), Ministeck corporation for the gracious donation to help us to generate the mosaic \"10 DM Schein mit Johann Carl Friedrich Gau\u00df\" for the presentation of our thesis.\nVanessa Graf (Drensteinfurt), Christine Sch\u00fctz (Siegen) and Oliver Pfaff (Siegen) for actively supporting the construction of both mosaics above-mentioned.\nRobert Griebl (M\u00fcnchen) und Marcus Klein (Olpe) for testing our software.\nGisela Sch\u00fctz (Siegen) for the final control of our English translation.\nBarbara Werth (Netherlands), Casper van Nimwegen (Netherlands), Didier Enjary (France), Marco Chiappa (Italy), Jakob Bindslet (Denmark) and Juan Macias (Spain) for the language files in their national language.", "Oh, the hilarity. While sitting in the audience during Wednesday night\u2019s People\u2019s Choice Awards, The Rock wasn\u2019t successfully censored when he flipped the bird at Kevin Hart, because he\u2019s The Rock, and The Rock does what The Rock wants.\nHart won the People\u2019s Choice Award for Favorite Comedic Movie Actor, which was a surprise to absolutely no one considering how incredibly funny Hart is ALL THE TIME. And as Hart made his way onto the stage to accept his coveted award, the camera showed The Rock beaming with pride.\nDuring his acceptance speech, Hart gave his due thanks to all the deserving people and to the higher being in his life. \u201cI thank God, there is no me without God. I gotta thank my beautiful wife and kids. I gotta thank my amazing fans for the support that you guys have given me in this amazing career,\u201d Hart began.\nBut when he mentioned his pal The Rock, well he didn\u2019t so much thanks him as he did\u2026well, insult him.\nBut he insulted him in the most hilarious way, of course.\n\"Last but not least, all of the co-stars that I've had in my life that helped me grow in this business. I appreciate you all, I'm definitely able to do what I do because of the help that I've had on camera. So, this one goes to all the co-stars that I've had except for The Rock, because he hasn't helped me. You've actually lessened my talent, it's gone down since you've been in my life.\"\nThe Rock\u2019s reaction was perfection. As the camera cut to him, he stuck up his middle finger, because really what else was he supposed to do? The best part is that CBS failed to censor him completely. Whoopsie.\nThe Rock cannot be censored! Which is totally fine \u2014 it made for funnier TV anyway.", "Our Broadbeach Family Accommodation is located in Broadbeach in the heart of the Gold Coast. Close to some of the most popular Gold Coast attractions, have a blast and make the most of your stay.\nWe have a wide selection of apartments. Our apartments have two bedrooms and two bathrooms each. Spacious and comfortable, our apartments are the ideal choice. They have a modern kitchen where you can cook simple meals during your stay. The apartments also have a comfortable dining area. Kick back and relax in the comfortable lounge area, which is equipped with a Foxtel Digital TV. The rooms are equipped with one queen sized bed, and two single beds. Ideal for four guests, bring your family and friends along.\nSpend an exciting day at the beach and enjoy the cool breeze. Lay around the sun-drenched beach and get a gorgeous tan. Enjoy a variety of water sports. Try swimming, surfing, and more. Our resort is close to the beach.\nSpend an exciting day shopping at Pacific Fair Shopping Centre, The Oasis, Harbour Town, Marina Mirage and many others. The shopping centres are full of trendy brands. They are conveniently located just minutes away from our resort. Our resort is close to some of the most popular dining destinations. Get your caffeine fix and start your day right. Drop by the nearby cafes and get your favourite lattes. Tease your taste buds and be adventurous. Indulge at fine dining restaurants that serve Asian cuisine, Aussie favourites, European dishes and more. Bring your family along and make the most of your time by exploring the Gold Coast theme parks. Visit Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary interact with amazing animals in a fantastic natural setting. Head over to Dream World and enjoy the thrilling rides. Visit Movie World and feel nostaligic about your favourite movies.", "Terrestrial digital radio and its satellite counterpart in the United States and abroad will gain increasing acceptance among consumers within the next 5 years. That\u2019s according to high-tech market research firm In-Stat/MDR, which reports that, even though the digital radio space is being developed at one of the most economically challenging points in time over the last 50 years, receiver manufacturers are ramping up production to meet growing customer demand for these services.\n\u201cMajor markets like the U.K., Germany and Canada are starting to show how vital digital is in adding more value to radio service as DAB is inspiring a whole renaissance of new programming choices,\u201d said Michelle Abraham, a senior analyst with the high-tech market research firm. Those countries are using the Eureka-147 DAB standard and the U.S. will likely adopt in-band, on-channel standard for DAB.\nIn the U.S. market, inroads made by satellite digital radio services like XM and Sirius and increased momentum behind DAB from major radio station groups suggest that the next few years will witness the rapid development of digital radio.\nThe report, \u201cDigital Radio Moves Into Drive Time\u201d, examines the current services, future advances, and offers points to be learned from digital radio outside the United States. Contained within, are 5-year U.S. forecasts for DARS subscribers and digital radio receiver shipments.\nAs Ibiquity Digital Corp. technology is added to more stations, there will be a divergence between the number of digital receivers sold and the subscriber base of the two satellite radio services. For many consumers, the new features available on the free terrestrial DAB channels will be enough, and they\u2019ll opt against the satellite services.\nThe success of digital radio in the United States will depend to a great extent on automotive manufacturers, as many consumers\u2019 introduction to digital radio will come in an automotive setting.", "University of New Mexico Vice Provost Greg Heileman announced three finalists for the University Advisement Director position. The finalists include: Stephanie Hands, Laura Valdez and Clare Daniel.\nStephanie Hands is the Director of Advising for the College of Arts and Sciences at The University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Stephanie is responsible for all advising functions within the college. This includes benchmarking and data collection, staff hiring and training, student transition and completion, structure and policy reform, and communication within the college and with other stakeholders in the academic community.\nLaura Valdez has worked with students in all phases of the higher education experience, from her experience with a TRIO program that focuses on college access for first generation, low socioeconomic students to her current work as the University College Advising Center Director. Originally from Coyote, New Mexico, she was a first generation college student and credits her success to two College Enrichment Program counselors who provided mentorship and guidance during her first year at the University of New Mexico. She has made it her life\u2019s work to pay that forward. Laura is impassioned by helping students achieve their academic goals; she believes getting a college degree is a transformative experience for both first generation students and their families.\nClare Daniel is Assistant Director of Exploratory Advising at Tulane University where she designs and coordinates the University\u2019s approach to assisting undecided students. In this capacity, she has created and led a taskforce of diverse stakeholders in researching and collecting data on the undecided population at Tulane; creating and disseminating a unified philosophy of exploratory advising; and training academic advisors, student-athlete advisors, success coaches, and career coaches on best practices for working with undecided students. She also teaches a career development course for the Academic Advising Center and a research seminar in Tulane\u2019s Honors Program. She views advising as a key vehicle for accomplishing university goals related to student development, retention rates, and improving experiences and opportunities for historically disadvantaged populations.", "The Messenger Legacy is an elite line-up of alumni members of one of Jazz\u2019 most influential bands, Art Blakey\u2019s Jazz Messengers. The current configuration is Bobby Watson, Essiet Essiet, Geoff Keezer, Brian Lynch, Bill Pierce and at the drums, the last drummer chosen by Art Blakey to play at his side in the Jazz Messenger 2 Drummer Big Band Ralph Peterson. Bobby Watson and Bill Pierce were present the night Peterson first sat in with the band at Mikell\u2019s and was a mainstay from the late 70\u2019s through the early mid 80\u2019s. Essiet Essiet was brought to Art Blakey by recommendations of Ralph Peterson and Bobby Watrson. Geoff Keezer and Brian Lynch joined what turned out to be the last edition of The Messengers before Art Blakey\u2019s passing. Arguably, no other drummer is more qualified than Peterson to lead a band with such depth. Thirty years ago, Peterson, then a fresh-faced 21 year-old chosen to play by Blakey as a Messenger in the 1983 version of The Jazz Messenger two drummer Big Band and learned first hand from Buhaina himself. Peterson remained the 2nd drummer in the Big Band until Blakey\u2019s passing. Depending on availability other Jazz Messenger who have done and would be available would include Donald Harrison, Craig Handy, Robin Eubanks, Kuumba Frank Lacy, Phillip Harper, Johnny O\u2019neal, Donald Brown and sometimes even Reggie Workman who joined Art in 1962 the year Peterson was born. Mr Workman also played in the inagural Messenger Legacy concert.", "At approximately 5:48 this morning a residence on the 1600 Block of Rose Lane, Placerville was reported to be on fire. El Dorado County Fire responded to the location and put out the fire. Two unidentified adult females were found deceased in the residence. The residence was mostly destroyed by the fire.\nArson investigators responded to the scene along with Coroner and Sheriff\u2019s Office investigative personnel. An investigation is currently being conducted to determine the cause of the fire and the cause of the victims deaths.\nAt this time the victims have not been identified.\nUPDATE: 03/08/14 A victim of the fatal fire has been identified as 62 year old Carol Hague, a resident of the house destroyed in the fire. Investigators are still working on positively identifying the other victim that firefighters found in the residence. Investigators are expecting it to be a few days before this can be accomplished.The cause of their deaths and the cause of the fire is still under investigation.\nUPDATE: 03/10/14 The El Dorado County Coroner\u2019s Office has identified the second victim of the fatal residential fire that occurred on Friday March 7, 2014 as 58 year old Crystal Ann Ward.\nThe cause of the two victims deaths has been determined as gunshot wounds however the manner in which they received those gunshot wounds is still under investigation.\nUPDATE 04/24/14: After a thorough investigation, Sheriff John D\u2019Agostini\u2019s investigations section has determined that the decedents in the Rose Lane fire incident were the result of a murder suicide. It has been determined that homeowner Crystal Ward shot roommate Carolyn Hague and set the house ablaze with the use of flammable liquids, before turning the weapon on herself, committing suicide.", "The following are strategies you can use to increase blog traffic.\nChoosing the right blog CMS is very important. You could opt to use a custom blog solution such as Blogger, WordPress or MovableType. However, building from scratch will allow you to be creative with formatting and functionality.\nThe best CMS is one that is easy for writers to use and incorporates features that enable the blog to thrive. Think about how you would want archiving, comments, categorization, user accounts and multiple feeds so as to narrow down your options.\nHosting a blog on a separate domain from the primary website is the worst mistake anyone can make. A blog hosted on your domain can draw attention, links, trust, search engine rankings and publicity. From worst to best, your blog can be hosted on a free hosting solution (like WordPress or Blogspot), on a unique domain, on a sub-domain or as a section of your primary domain.\nWhatever niche or industry you are in, there are forums, bloggers and an online community that is already active. Depending on the exactness of your focus, you might want to think on a level wider than your own content. An ideal way of finding such people is using Technorati to carry out searches, then sort out by number of links.\nFirst and foremost, write title tags for those who will visit your website or have a feed subscription. Title tags that are snappy, short, catchy and on-topic are imperative. You should also think about search engines when creating the title of your posts, because search engines can help draw traffic to your blog.\nAsking a recognized personality in your field to write a short blog is a great way of growing the reach and value of your blog. You will almost be certain to earn a link to a respected site or at least a connection with a brand that can attract readers.\nBlogs that only contain lines of text are quite difficult to read and less interesting than those which offer interactive elements, images, clever charts and graphs, and occasional multimedia content. If you are having challenges with non-text content, think of how you could format the text using indentation, block quotes or bullet points to create a more attractive block of content.\nWhich of these tips will you use to increase blog traffic?", "OOTD : How To Rock A Dress With Sneakers | Do this Don't in Style | The Shopaholic Diaries - Indian Fashion, Shopping and Lifestyle Blog !\nThought you couldn't pull off a lovely dress with sneakers? Well, think again! As this season it's all about styling your favorite dresses with trendy shoes or sneakers.\nI am not talking about your heavy duty sports shoes, but stylish sneakers in neon colors or a pair of statement kicks that would take your outfit from dab to fab within seconds, and give you all the comfort with blister free feet too!\nAnd last weekend when I was out to attend an event for which I had to be on my feet the entire day, I knew I couldn't step out wearing my favorite heels.\nMy new sneakers from Call It Spring came to my rescue as they are trendy yet very comfortable to wear for a casual outing. I paired my black skater dress from Forever New with these statement sneakers and was ready to rock the entire day.\nCompleting the look was my chic fringe bag from Forever 21 that added the much needed the color to my outfit.\nThese badass slip-ons are so comfortable that I can wear them to a clubbing night and they make sure that I won't slow down even until the sun comes up.\nI know I will be flaunting sneakers a lot more from now on, especially when they are available in such cool designs.\nWhat about you? Let me know your views on this outfit in Comments below.\nAwesome post especially images enabled.\nHey I have the same bag and I love it. These sneakers look super comfy.\nVery royal looking hand bag, which is really amazing and beautiful. Thanks for the sharing this product with the details of it.\nIndia is national that is widely known for its unique and own way of clothing. For the reason that India is a land of cultural diversity, that includes different religions, and languages, it also includes different traditional ethnic wears.", "Shea butter is a plant-based moisturiser that nourishes and nurtures our skin. We use it in several of our personal care products because it has so many potential benefits. It\u2019s rich in nutrients like vitamin A, which can help with skin irritations and damage, and it has antioxidants like vitamin E.\nYou might have heard the term emollient used to describe shea butter \u2013 these are used in moisturisers to help dry skin remoisten and let it repair and regenerate.\nWe\u2019ve had great feedback from customers who\u2019ve used some of the products we put shea butter in, like our Body Butter, Baby Moisturiser, Body Lotion, Extra Moisturising Body Lotion, Light Moisturising Lotion, our Light Moisturising Hand Cream and Extra Moisturising Hand Cream. You can find out more here about our skincare range.\nOne customer told us the body butter helped keep their skin elasticised, which helped tackle their stretch marks, and that our hand cream helped with their dry skin. Another person said it worked well on the skin of their seven month old baby who suffered from eczema.\nShea butter comes from the nut of the African shea tree \u2013 it\u2019s a fat and it\u2019s also edible.\nWe\u2019re happy to use it in our products because it\u2019s been rated by the Environmental Working Group as a low health hazard - and Canada\u2019s Domestic Substance List doesn\u2019t expect it to be potentially toxic or harmful to people or the environment.\nShea butter is also biodegradable and you can use it with greywater and your septic tank.", "Digital print heavyweight Epson has become the latest major manufacturer to sign up to exhibit at this year\u2019s edition of The Print Show.\nThe third edition of The Print Show will take place from October 11th to 13th at new venue the International Centre in Telford, known locally as the \u2018Birthplace of Industry\u2019. Featuring some of the biggest names from across the print industry, visitors will be able to find out more about the latest technology in all areas of the print production process.\nEpson is the latest major name to confirm its attendance at The Print Show and will operate from a 120sq m stand at the event in October. The manufacturer had a presence at both the 2015 and 2016 shows through value added reseller Colourbyte, which reported strong interest in Epson technology from visitors.\nPhil McMullin, UK sales manager Pro Graphics at Epson UK, said that the success of Colourbyte at previous editions of the show was a major factor in the company committing to its own stand for the first time, and also cited the event\u2019s new venue in Telford as a key point for the manufacturer.\n\u201cWe attended the first two shows in a very successful partnership with Epson reseller Colourbyte, but given the new location at the Telford International Centre, and Epson\u2019s long-standing manufacturing presence in Telford, as our main European ink plant is located in the town, we decided to maximise the opportunity by attending The Print Show 2017 as Epson,\u201d McMullin said.\nAlthough the event is still more than eight months away, McMullin said Epson already has a good idea of what it would like to achieve over the three days in October, revealing that the company will showcase its full range of SureColor Photo, Textile and Signage printing solutions from 24\u201d to 64\u201d in width.\n\u201cWe will be demonstrating a wide range of applications all targeted at the commercial printer and sign-maker showing how to enter new profitable markets and generate incremental business,\u201d McMullin said, adding: \u201cNeedless to say, there will be some compelling show deals available for attendees who visit our stand.", "The Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development (ZonMw) is co-host of the 18th International Conference on Integrated Care (ICIC) in Utrecht, 23-25th May 2018. Our aim is to promote quality and innovation of health research in order to make health care better and to keep it affordable. Therefor we invest in integrated care.\nPeople are living longer, certainly, but more and more people are also developing a chronic illness at some point in their lives. This affects their quality of life, but also their participation in society, their relationship with the world of work, and their care costs. Socio-economic health disparities are already serious, and may get worse. It is therefore vital that health professionals devote more attention to prevention: to the promotion and protection of health and to the prevention of disease.\nPolicy, practice, research, education and training will all play a part. With regard to prevention, professionals in public health work alongside local authorities, health insurers and other social health care organisations, in schools, in district centres and in the workplace \u2013 by, for instance, exerting an influence on environment and behaviour, advising on sport, screening for and tackling infectious disease, and promoting participation in school and work and activities in neighborhoods.\nAn increase in excise taxes of 50 per cent over a period of fifty years will result in societal benefits of 14 to 20 billion euro in the Netherlands. Improvement of work productivity, prevention of premature deaths, fewer traffic accidents, less police and justice costs and less school drop-outs are examples of the positive effects if alcohol consumption would be reduced. These are the findings of research conducted by RIVM.", "I\u2019ve sometimes wondered what it would take to get a guy like Dana Milbank to wipe the smirk off his face and get genuinely outraged. Now I know: listening in on a call with the finance lobby.\nOn Tuesday, the American Financial Services Association even held a conference call with reporters to update them on its efforts \u2014 successful so far \u2014 to torpedo plans for a new Consumer Financial Protection Agency, which would protect people from the sort of lending abuses that led to last year\u2019s implosion.\n\u2026.\u201dIt looks more and more like Senate banking won\u2019t take it up until January or February, and with next year being an election year, that does raise the concern level,\u201d [Bill] Hempler reported with satisfaction. \u201cThis could delay the overall effort.\u201d Or, with a bit of luck, kill it outright.\nOr, to put it another way: Don\u2019t regulate us now because the economy is still suffering from the mess we made because we weren\u2019t regulated the last time. Chutzpah, it appears, is recession-proof.\nAll this lobbying and more1 will be crashing down on the United States Congress soon, insisting that any but the most anodyne new regulations will wipe out the economy, wreck the banking system, and turn the country over to the Chinese with barely a whimper. They will be eagerly assisted by Fox News, the entire Republican Party,2 the Wall Street Journal, the business community, and \u2014 in a tremendous irony \u2014 tea partiers of all stripes, who will somehow be gulled into believing that good, hardworking bankers are under attack from the same malign forces that are trying to kill grandma. Raise your hand if you think a majority of our members of Congress have the stones to stand up to this.\n1And by more, yes, I mean tidal waves of campaign cash.\n2Plus, as several commenters have mentioned, a dispiritingly large portion of the Democratic Party.", "An ultra-concentrated formula infused with Amino Acids, Biotin, Caffeine and B-Vitamins to visibly increase density of hair, whilst advanced technology supports the follicles to promote healthy-looking locks. Delivering gentle, yet effective cleansing to prevent damage to hair, the shampoo is ideal for slow-growing and thinning hair, or for weak fibres in need of strengthening and repair. Suitable for all hair types, including color-treated, you can expect denser, fuller-looking locks. Free from parabens and sulfates.\nAn advanced scalp conditioning formula that aids healthy hair to leave fine, thinning tresses looking fuller and thicker. Combining an innovative form of Hyaluronic Acid with Amino Acids, Biotin and B-Vitamins, the conditioner addresses hair thinning and stimulates hair follicles to promote fuller-looking strands. Working to improve hair density and softness, the conditioner will leave locks looking fuller and healthier. Suitable for natural and color-treated hair. Free from parabens and sulfates.\nVisibly increase hair thickness and softly nourish your scalp with the Grow Gorgeous Thickening Hair & Scalp Mask Intense. The unique multi-mask is enriched with Amino Acids and Caffeine to thicken thin locks, feeding your strands with Biotin and Pea Peptides to ensure hair is healthy, thick and full looking. Designed to deeply hydrate without weighing hair down, Coconut Oil and Hyaluronic Acid intensely moisturize the scalp, keeping it in optimum condition to achieve ultimate hair health.\nHave only used one time but was pleased with the first usage - love the smell and how it made my hair feel - now I am looking for something from grow gorgeous on the order of a hair oil that I can use everyday without having to wash my hair. Not sure if that is what your serum is.", "Alcohol-Sensing Technology - Standard in All Cars?\nThe long-term transportation funding bill just approved by Congress includes funds for researching alcohol-detection technology that could eventually be standard equipment in all new cars.\nThat funding \u2014 $5 million over two years \u2014 should have been stripped from the bill because it \"uses American taxpayer dollars to fund something they're not going to want in their cars,\" said a group representing the restaurant industry.\nSince 2008, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the nation's automakers have been researching technology that can non-invasively measure a driver's blood-alcohol content and prevent a vehicle from starting if the driver is legally drunk. The national research effort is the Driver Alcohol Detection System for Safety (DADSS).\n\u2022Use \"tissue spectrometry\" to measure a driver's BAC. Sensors in places such as the steering wheel, gear shift and ignition read blood-alcohol levels through the driver's fingertips.\n\u2022Use \"distant spectrometry,\" a breath-based method in which multiple sensors in the vehicle's cabin assess the alcohol concentration in the driver's exhaled breath.\nResearchers expect to have a \"drivable test vehicle\" within about two years. \"We think 8-10 years is the earliest a consumer would see this as an option in an auto,\" Newton said.\nMothers Against Drunk Driving, an advocate of in-vehicle alcohol detectors, said the research funds are well spent. \"Drunken driving costs the U.S. $132 billion each year, and we think that $5 million ... is a good use of transportation dollars to potentially eliminate the problem,\" said J.T. Griffin, senior vice president for public policy.\nTo learn more about Drinking and Driving. click here.", "The Zolotoi Gramofon (\u0417\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0439 \u0413\u0440\u0430\u043c\u043c\u043e\u0444\u043e\u043d, lit. \u201cGolden Gramophone\u201d) is one of the most important music award ceremonies in Russia. It was established in 1995 by Russkoe Radio, a Moscow radio station that specializes in Russian pop music. The awards were then attached to a the Russian Hill (\u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0413\u043e\u0440\u043a\u0430) radio show, which aired the 12 songs most frequently requested via telephone, email, and SMS.\nIn 1999, the name \u201cGolden Gramophone\u201d replaced \u201cRussian Hill.\u201d The new format expanded to include the top 20 songs of the week and, to receive the annual award, an artist must hold a spot on the top 20 chart for more than 20 weeks. Winners are announced at the ceremony, held both at the State Kremlin Palace in Moscow and again one day later at the JCC Ice Palace in St. Petersburg, after the votes of Russkoe Radio listeners have been tallied. The show is broadcast on TV, radio and streamed on the Internet and always includes a debut artist who\u2019s never before appeared in the Zolotoi Gramofon awards.\nAll Gramophone statues are created by a team of 20 jewellers, forged from silver and gold, laser engraved and mounted on a glass platform.\nSome of the most decorated artists include Filipp Kirkorov (\u0424\u0438\u043b\u0438\u043f\u043f \u041a\u0438\u0440\u043a\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0432), who\u2019s received 21 statuettes and Valeriy Meladze (\u0412\u0430\u043b\u0435\u0440\u0438\u0439 \u041c\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0434\u0437\u0435), Grigory Leps (\u0413\u0440\u0438\u0433\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0439 \u041b\u0435\u043f\u0441), Valeria (\u0412\u0430\u043b\u0435\u0440\u0438\u044f), and Lube (\u041b\u044e\u0431\u044d) with 13 apiece. Leps is the only artist to win two statues in two consecutive years.", "I wrote a reverse bucket list a year ago, and it allowed me to be grateful and put life into perspective. I was reflecting on the changes in my life this year and decided to do one for 2015. I think I will make one yearly to reflect on my accomplishments and things I should be grateful for.\nI am a \u2018B\u2019 licensed skydiver!\n1. Started my dream job: in just a year I went back to school for a post-grad in public relations, obtained a great internship and landed my dream job.\n2. Got my solo, A license and B license in skydiving all in one season. I\u2019m told this is hard to do.\n3. Met an amazing circle of new friends. Skydiving is not just about jumping out of planes. The community is amazing and I feel so lucky to have met everyone is this sport.\nHappy at our new barn.\n4. Moved my horse to a new boarding facility. The place is not only beautiful, but it reminds me on a regular basis that competing is not everything. Enjoying my horse and where she lives is the most important thing.\n5.Traveled in Ontario and had great experiences. This year was too busy to go on a long trip, but it forced me to discover great places in my backyard.\n6. Made an Algonquin backcountry trip when I did not think I would fit one in.\n7. Change: change is good. People grow, relationships change and I have learned to embrace this and the new people coming into my life.\n8. Skating: I used to love skating, but time and life means I haven\u2019t done much of it in years. This winter I found someone that likes skating as much as I do and we have managed to make a few trips already.\n9. Built my customer base for my portrait business. I started drawing again in 2014, but in 2015 sales online and especially word of mouth took off.\nNext Post Skydiving and getting lost in a cloud.", "Pull over to the side of the road and consider the world-ending event taking place before your eyes. That\u2019s essentially the message conveyed by the newest piece of public art on display at Navy Pier.\nThe aquarium is preparing for a new \u2013 and very large \u2013 resident whose arrival is expected next summer.\nEven after he\u2019d been shot 16 times, Laquan McDonald still posed a threat because he held a knife in his hand. That\u2019s what the partner of Jason Van Dyke testified during the second day of arguments in the high-profile murder trial.\nWill Sexual Assault Allegations Derail Kavanaugh Confirmation?\nFor the second time in U.S. history, a Supreme Court nominee stands accused of sexual assault. What the allegations mean for Brett Kavanaugh\u2019s nomination.\nNew data shows Chicago residents feel either immensely optimistic or pessimistic about the city based on factors like neighborhood, race and age. We take a closer look with the authors of the poll.\nResearch shows transgender children benefit from early intervention, but just how young is too young?\nAfter the erroneous removal of two neighborhood murals, City Council is considering a proposal to protect and formally register Chicago\u2019s public art.\nThere\u2019s a sea change happening in Chicago politics, not just with the mayor\u2019s race, but with many of the 50 City Council races \u2013 and the results could shape the city\u2019s future for years to come.\nTo help mark its 125th anniversary, the Field Museum is preparing to release a gin made in the spirit of one of the biggest events in Chicago history.\nWhen survivors of sexual abuse share their stories, the gold medal-winning gymnast hopes everyone will \u201cactually listen to them, hear their story and understand how common abuse is,\u201d she said.", "Is this a money maker for the party and is any revenue derived taxable?\nis this illegal under section 5 part c of the competition act?\n5.\u0097(1) Any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position in trade for any goods or services in the State or in any part of the State is prohibited.\nNo. This statute does not apply.\nWhat if I were to sell bread only to members of a particular party?\nIf FF are gaining financially should this not be taxable?\nIt's a group scheme. Any organisation can offer it to it's members to band their policies together and receive a bulk discount.\nWhat next. FF buy Dell computers for offices, HP complain of unfair discrimination.\nA Labour Party member would not be entitled to get \"Fianna Fail Home Insurance\"\nFF home insurance? Word is that it comes with a generous 'starter pack' containing a fire extinguisher filled with unleaded and a letter from the local TD saying - 'not to worry, we'll sort you out, we have the experience necessary for these difficult times'.\nErr.... thanks, but no thanks lads. I think I might take my chances.\nSilly ! Of course it isn't against competition law - all marketeers and airlines wouldbe out of business if that was the case! Silly !\nRe the substantive issue, if revenues exceed actual costs then I suspect it could be taxable under Case IV, not being a trading activity. If there were revenues ... I imagine however that this is a package put together by an insurance company and labelled for Fianna Fail today, ceratin trades tomorrow, the Labour party the day after etc etc.\nLabour should contact the various insurance companies and look at getting a group scheme going for their members.\nThing is most Labour members would be unionised and would already be in group schemes.\nI see the link on the OP's page has dried.\nShould have got Biffo Insurance.", "Vintage tension pole lamps are one great way to give your rooms that 20th century yet modern look. They come in a wide variety of sizes each to suit you taste.\nThe style is basically the same thing across the board and you get to select with ease from different shapes and color, depending on the kind of illumination you want in or outside your house.\nThe basic outline of a vintage tension pole lamp is three iridescent shades or globes each enclosing a bulb and embedded to or hanging by chains from a metallic or wooden pole that holds them in place.Most of these lamps allow you to change the globe, meaning you are able to get just what you need.\nWhether you love a retro piece, a Danish piece or modern piece, you get to select from a wide range of globe designs made from your desired materials such as quilted, colored or plain glass, brass or even gold. It also allows you to adjust the height to determine the radius covered by it\u2019s light.\nEven better, it is ideal for use both inside your house and outdoors.\nBesides being a great lighting idea, vintage tension pole lamps have aesthetic properties that will be a bonus to the beauty of your house, something which is impossible to achieve with just the table flowers or the wall hangings and pictures and are even good for your garden giving it a magical touch at night.\nThey do not occupy as much space which is convenient since you can place it at a strategic position where it will stand out as a decorative piece. That corner in your living room or that spot in your garden you love to sit at and enjoy the serenity of nature does not have to lie bare.\nGet a vintage tension pole lamp see the priceless transformation it will bring to you home.", "Gamer Escape Gaming Community featuring News, Reviews, Wikis, and Podcasts... Is there a way to get it back or do it again from the start? I don't want to make a new character.. I know how hard it is to try to level up in the game WITHOUT completing the main quest, but it's gonna take some time to get all my skills back if I create a new character. I wish this game wasn't so buggy..\nOnce you get bit by a player or an NPC, you\u2019ll need to head to a shrine for the Scion of the Blood Matron quest that unlocks the vampire skill line. Below is the shrine location per faction. Below is the shrine location per faction. how to take apart 2 street signs Soul Shriven in Coldharbour - Elder Scrolls Online quest found in The Wailing Prison. Guide contains image walkthrough and starting NPC location.I died, but that was only the beginning \u2026. Guide contains image walkthrough and starting NPC location.I died, but that was only the beginning \u2026.\nQuest Apartments. Offering accommodation in over 150 locations in Australasia ideal for short & long stays & holidays. Book Online at Quest Apartment Hotels.\nOnce you get bit by a player or an NPC, you\u2019ll need to head to a shrine for the Scion of the Blood Matron quest that unlocks the vampire skill line. Below is the shrine location per faction. Below is the shrine location per faction.\nThis quest is available once the Main Quest has been completed. You are teleported back to the The Harborage where Cadwell is waiting to speak with you. Cadwell is a servant of You are teleported back to the The Harborage where Cadwell is waiting to speak with you.", "Thiruvananthapuram: A new pair of spectacles has put the Speaker of Kerala Assembly, P Sreeramakrishnan, in the eye of a storm. Documents released by activist and advocate DB Binu, who had filed a Right To Information (RTI), petition, showed that Mr Sreeramakrishnan had submitted a bill of Rs 49,500 to the state exchequer for reimbursement for the spectacles bought around six months ago.\nThe RTI documents, which give the detailed bill emerged just a day after the state finance minister appealed in the Assembly for austerity while presenting the budget.\nSources in Mr Sreeramakrishnan's office told NDTV that, \"The Speaker's aspects are not just for normal sight issues. He has allied issues and has been advised by the doctor for rounded progressive lens. The high end ones, for his need, cost almost Rs 80,000 in the market. He had no option but to go for the lens which cost Rs 45,000, to perform his daily duties.\"\nWhile the frame, the Speaker bought was for Rs 4,900, the lens cost Rs 45,000, the RTI document revealed. As per the Kerala government rules, for claiming reimbursement, there is no cap on the cost of lens but the frames can't exceed Rs 5000.\nThe new controversy comes just months after the Health Minister KK Shailaja was criticised for submitting a bill of around Rs 29,000 for the spectacles. The minister, too, had claimed that it was out of medical necessity that she needed to opt for such expensive lens.\nMr Binu filed the RTI after reports in the media said legislators have been claiming medical reimbursements running into lakhs. The Kerala government is having a tough time defending it. It is unfortunate that the Speaker, who clears medical bills of 140 legislators, himself has not showed any restraint in spending taxpayers' money, said Mr Binu.", "What is prime writing? This is a question that lingers in the minds of many. To make the long story short, this is an online service that is created and available for students from all over the globe. The range of services available range from writing of different academic papers, undertaking research projects as well as guidance on modalities of how to place and order and to get the required paper written.\nThe company employs a team of professional writers who are professionals in various disciplines. In this regard the assignment that you place on the company orders is normally assigned to a specialist in the field to be addressed by the topic. More to this the writers are trained by the company on the requirements in writing an aspect that enables them to create a paper that is presentable.\nThe other major advantage in using prime writing services is the cost of writing the paper. In this regard, papers are charged on various bases that include how big the paper requires to be and as well the time within which it should be delivered alongside its academic level. In this regard, the cost of writing different papers varies accordingly and in such way the cost is always justifiable.\nIn order to gain effectively from the available services, they are normally provided on an online platform. In such way to access the services, you need to have access to internet services. The companies have created websites through which orders can be placed, payments made and tracking on the progress of the paper at any given time. On the same platform, communication with writers on any issues related to the paper is made possible. The company always ensures that any such communication is on the basis of ongoing or completed projects and conducted through a customer service desk.\nPrime writing services are tailored to ensure that anyone who seeks the services enjoys greatly this is through the tailored packages on which the client\u2019s gains extensively through advice given by the company on how to choose the right order package and as well on how to place the order required. Irrespective of your geographical location or institution the company ensures the papers are written in accordance with internationally set and recognized guidelines.", "Brian Capron, Actor: Coronation Street. Brian Capron was born on February 11, in Eye, Suffolk, England. Where the Heart Is (TV Series). It's the wedding of Luke and Megan and all of Skelthwaite is excited. Terri helps Billy practice his speech, they kiss, but both are aghast. Philip Middlemiss, Richard Mylan, Christian Cooke. Richard Hillman played by Brian Capron - Coronation Street. Find this Pin and more on Where the Heart is Tv Show by Carol Wooldridge. Tags. Emma Richard Hillman (Brian Capron) Emma , Suffolk England, Coronation Street, Character. Visit Street Quotes, Coronation Street, Classic Tv.\nBrian Capron (born 11 February ) is an English actor who trained at the London Academy Casualty, Birds of a Feather, Murder Most Horrid, The Bill, Taggart, Peak Practice, Judge John Deed, Crocodile Shoes, and Where the Heart Is. This brand new version, an exciting musical comedy starring Liza Goddard and Brian Capron, features classic songs by Irving Berlin - and we. Watch Where the Heart Is - Season 2, Episode 10 - Love: Peggy is concerned when an Brian Capron Trivia, Notes, Quotes and Allusions.\nWatch Where the Heart Is - Season 1, Episode 4 - A Place in the World: The Skelthwaite Brian Capron Trivia, Notes, Quotes and Allusions. Watch Where the Heart Is - Season 10, Episode 1 - RSVP: Zoe Brian Capron See All Trivia, Notes, Quotes and Allusions Trivia & Quotes. Watch Where the Heart Is - Season 10, Episode 8 - Flesh and Brian Capron See All Trivia, Notes, Quotes and Allusions Trivia & Quotes.", "Since women and people of color typically enter the workforce with a lower salary than their white male peers, basing a person\u2019s salary off of their past compensation can further compound the wage gap. Eliminating it from consideration for a new job or a promotion could help break that trend in the long term and encourage employers and prospective employees to become more transparent about their salary expectations from the get-go.\n\u201cIt really challenges companies to be more deliberate about how they do pay, and also to monitor themselves more to check that in practice that they don\u2019t discriminate,\u201d Hegewisch says.\nTalk about the relationship between a person\u2019s salary history and the gender wage gap began several years ago with the case of Aileen Rizo, a math consultant based in Fresno. She discovered her male colleague earned significantly more than her \u2014 despite her seniority and experience \u2014 due to his previous salary. She took the issue to court, arguing that using a person\u2019s previous salary to determine their earnings exacerbated wage inequality and violated the Equal Pay Act. The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of Rizo\u2019s argument last year, saying that an employer \u201ccannot justify\u201d a wage gap between a male and female employee based solely on their prior salaries.\nCases like these, as well as the growing body of legislation, are forcing human resources to adapt. Especially in a tight labor market, offering a competitive salary and benefits is necessary for retaining talent, says Nancy Hammer, senior government affairs policy counsel at the Society of Human Resources Management. If eliminating questions about a person\u2019s current salary are barred, employers should take a closer look at their own pay practices and set new standards and protocols for their hiring processes, Hammer says.", "Positive ID Labels team have designed new best before batch labels to meet the needs of a common manufacturing problem of marking products with best before and batch information \u2013 our new Best Before Batch Label \u2013 but in miniature!\nThe new Best Before Batch labels use a standard CT4 26mm x 12mm label which is commonly used in one line label guns. Positive ID Labels sells a range of one line label guns such as the Open C8 label gun that incorporate 8 digits in the print head and can be used to deliver this data on a small scale.\nIt is also possible to use an Open S10 date coder to much the same effect if it is important to use a 6 digit date code.\nThe miniature best before batch label design simply splits the coding into a left and right-hand pane. The left-hand pane incorporated the batch number of up to 4 numerical digits and the right-hand pane contains the best before date in a 4 letter format e.g. mm/yy or dd/mm.\nPositive ID Labels is proud to now offer this solution to all their customers, printed to order (not ex. stock unfortunately). The labels are printed on our Mark Andy presses and must be ordered in minimum quantities of 90,000 (60 rolls). The labels will work in any 2612 label gun, whether that be Swing, Open, Danro or from alternative suppliers.\nWe recommend Swing, Danro and Open hand label guns as they are more robust and reliable than virtually any other brand. The three makes all benefit from tough plastics in their construction and can take considerable wear, tear and abuse from users. Easy to use and maintain, you can purchase label guns directly from us with your order for miniature best before batch labels.", "Naturally, this big step could create a bit of anxiety for both parents and kids. In order to limit that, Nick McRae, general manager of Roxborough Bus Lines Ltd., says preparation is key.\n\u201cHave a talk with them. Remind your kids about the rules of the bus,\u201d he explains. \u201cNo jumping, no yelling, no screaming, no spitting, no slapping \u2013 all those things that most parents would not allow the kids to do in their own personal e the most independent act of a child\u2019s life, up to that point \u2013 their first official foray away from Mom and Dad.\nOn top of the basic rules for kids to follow when they are on the bus, McRae says there are a few things parents need to know as well.\n\u201cThe parents need as much preparation as the kids do in some cases. For starters, it\u2019s important to be at the stop a minimum of five minutes before your designated time and, when you get there, make sure your stuff is in your book bag. A lot of times, we see kids arriving at the stop with homework in one hand and a toy in the other,\u201d he explains.\nMcRae says a lot of parents of first-time bus riders may not realize that someone has to be waiting for junior kindergarten students when they are dropped off at their stop after school \u2013 in other words, your child can\u2019t walk home from the stop by him or herself.\nMany parents are also guilty of pulling a classic \u201cfirst day of JK\u201d move \u2013 following the school bus from the stop to school in your own vehicle, a move McRae strongly discourages.\nIn the final weeks of summer, many schools host First-Time Rider programs for kids who will be taking the bus to school. Check your local school or school board\u2019s website for more info.", "Venting heating stoves or fireplaces requires pipe to carry the smoke out of the house. The pipes used for ventilation vary from single to triple wall. The more walls a pipe has, the better insulated it is and the less clearance from combustibles it needs.\nMetal chimneys are usually made of triple or double wall pipe.\nSingle wall pipes need a lot of space. Depending on the type you have, the pipe will require between 11 and 25 inches of space between it and any combustibles.\nSome wood-burning stoves used for heating will have a single wall pipe that exits the stove. In this instance, the lack of insulation of a single wall pipe is a benefit because the pipe can add more heat to the room through radiation.\nTriple wall pipes are frequently used for metal chimneys or when the pipe must pass through the house. These are more insulated than single or double wall pipes.\nTwo outer layers of galvanized pipe surround the core pipe made of steel. Air gaps between the pipe layers add to the insulation.\nTechnically, you could use a single wall pipe all the way up a chimney, but these pipes lack the insulation of triple wall pipe and waste heat through radiation. If you are venting the unit through the house, changing to a triple wall pipe, as the vent passes through floors and the attic, makes using the appliance safer.\nYou will not have to move the attic insulation as far away from a triple wall pipe as you would for a single wall pipe.\nAdapters are used to allow a single wall pipe to fit into the end of a threaded triple wall pipe. Adapters are available from most hardware stores.\nBoth sides of the adapter must match the diameters of your single and triple wall pipes. The adapter must be installed at least 18 inches below the ceiling before passing the pipe through the ceiling.", "Their \"study\" involved native tribespeople, but the amoral implications give aid and comfort to evildoers.\nUnder your feet in the woods is a vast communication network where information technology keeps the ecosystem functioning.\nA new study claims that religions with \"moralizing gods\" arise primarily in affluent nations.\nIs it the business of science to convert people to support \"gay marriage\"? Look what the AAAS just published.\nStart your week with nuggets of good news about all the things inventors are learning from animals, plants, and the human body.\nEtchings on a shell said to be 500,000 years old are shaking up evolutionary paleoanthropologists. Why? Evidence of abstract thinking far too early.\nMuch as psychiatrists would like to help the afflicted, it doesn't help to affix an empty label to an imprecise condition.\nGood Gratitude: To Science or God?\nThere are health benefits to thanksgiving, but motivation is the key.\nWonders of the human brain and sensory systems continue to pour forth from scientific research, providing more reasons to give thanks.\nWonders of the human body continue to pour forth from scientific research, providing more reasons to give thanks.\nIn a contest to see which are better, induced pluripotent stem cells proved just as good as clones. More stem cell news follows.\nWe need to clear the deck of evolution news. Here's a list of headlines presented \"as is\" for interested readers to research further.\nCertain concepts in materialistic origin of life seem to have more to do with witchcraft than reputable science.\nAnother space first: the European Space Agency's Rosetta mission landed its Philae probe on a comet this morning, but will it stick?\nWhat some consider science is really scientism, a worldview that thinks everything in human experience is reducible to scientific laws.", "When it comes to beautifully designed and constructed vessels, the 47' Riviera Flybridge Cruiser is in a class of it's own. From their attractive lines to the beautifully appointed interiors, these boats are tough yet extremely comfortable machines for cruising the coast or offshore, fishing the shelf. Powered by twin Cummins QSM11 diesels, you have power, reliability, fuel economy and range at your fingertips. Flush with systems, spending time aboard is guaranteed to be comfortable and enjoyable.\nCummins QSM11 660 hp electronically controlled diesel engines. All controlled via twin disc EC-200 electronic controls with select able trolling control. Full service history.\nStep down galley located in the main saloon with granicoat counter tops, full sized refrigeration, double burner stove, dishwasher, microwave oven and large amounts of storage.\n2 Burner electric Fisher and Paykel stove top. LG Microwave. Convection oven. Stainless BBQ.\nDouble master stateroom forward with fully equipped ensuite, TV, Stereo, opening hatch, A/C and excellent storage. Port midships cabin has a double bunk, opening hatch, A/C and great storage including hanging locker and washer/dryer. Starboard midships cabin has a large double bed, leather lounge, A/C and great storage also. Riviera full bedroom bedding sets, pillows and bed covers.\n2x Vacuflush toilets in enclosed heads.\nNear new clears on flybridge and full cockpit shade covers.\nMuir electric anchor winch with chain counter, plough anchor and chain.\nAttractive, large volume flybridge cruiser that ticks all the boxes. Many extras, including large hydraulic swim platform ($60K option). Everything maintained to a very high level with full service history available.\nAntifouling and engine service booked and shall be completed prior to sale.", "All the legal marijuana news and headlines for Friday, January 12, 2018.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Thursday, January 11, 2018.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Wednesday, January 10, 2018.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Tuesday, January 9, 2018.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Monday, January 8, 2018.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Friday, December 22, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Thursday, December 21, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Wednesday, December 20, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Tuesday, December 19, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Monday, December 18, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Friday, December 15, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Wednesday, December 13, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Tuesday, December 12, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Monday, December 11, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Friday, December 8, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Wednesday, December 6, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Friday, December 1, 2017.\nAll the legal marijuana news and headlines for Monday, November 27, 2017.", "easyMarkets\u00ae technology breaks not only the administrative barriers, but also the minimum monetary entry level. With our system the user can open a position for as little as 25 USD. Furthermore, although we propose very complex financial products, we take the user step by step, in the easiest and most transparent manner, through the process of completing the transaction.\nWe care about your trading experience. Our traders are often new to trading, and need to learn the skills needed to be successful. We provide full and in-depth training courses and in addition to account service managers we operate a dedicated customer support team who resolve issues in minutes.\nUnlike other online trading platforms, our full range of trading tools enables importers, exporters, and other\u2019s with Forex, stocks or other derivatives exposure, to easily hedge their funds.\nTrade with confidence knowing that your stop loss and take profit rates are guaranteed! Never worry about price gaps on market openings or during large unexpected news events. Your risk capital should not be a moving target which is why we guarantee the rates you set, and above all, it\u2019s free! Regardless of how volatile the markets get your risk and profit strategies are under your full control. We\u2019ve enabled this unique feature in both the easyMarkets platform and MT4.\nYou should always know the cost of your trading and with our fixed spreads you get the best price transparency of any broker. Focus on your trading and don\u2019t worry about slippage or volatile market conditions, the price you click is the price you get! Our margin policy eliminates any possibility of a negative account balance guaranteeing that your risk is limited to only the funds you\u2019ve allocated.\neasyMarkets\u00ae is part of an international network with offices in Europe, Asia and Australia.", "Olympus may have done a great job proving Micro Four Thirds detractors wrong with its original OM-D E-M1, but nobody could have predicted what a leap forwards its mark II version would be.\nNot only did the company furnish the model with a new 20MP sensor and TruePic VIII processing engine, but it also ramped up the performance of the image stabilisation system to provide up to 5.5EV stops of compensation \u2013 and if you use the camera with the company's 12-100mm f/4 IS Pro optic, this extends to an incredible 6.5EV stops.\nOn top of that, the autofocus system gains an extra 40 points over the 81-point system in the previous model to reach 121 points spread right across the frame, while burst shooting now tops out at blistering 60fps. True, this is with AF and exposure locked to the first frame in the sequence, but even with continuous focus enabled, the 18fps maximum burst rate still trounces pro-level DSLRs.\nAnd we haven't even got to video specs yet: 4K video recording in both 4K UHD and 4K DCI flavours, with a 24p option and recording at a maximum bit rate of approx. 237 Mbps, together with the option to extract stills from captured footage.\nAdd to that the ability to shoot 50MP images in its High-Res Shot mode, and the partnership of a high-resolution OLED electronic viewfinder and articulating display, all inside a weather-sealed body with two SD-type card slots, and you have a formidable challenger to more traditional pro-grade DSLRs.", "Since time immemorial, indigenous peoples around the world have developed knowledge systems to ensure their continued survival in their respective territories. These knowledge systems have always been dynamic such that they could meet new challenges. Yet, since the so-called enlightenment period, these knowledges have been supplanted by the Western enlightenment science or colonial science hegemony and arrogance such that in many cases they were relegated to the periphery. Some Euro-centric scholars even viewed indigenous knowledge as superstitious, irrational and anti-development. This erroneous view has, since the colonial period, spread like veld fire to the extent of being internalised by some political elites and Euro-centric academics of Africa and elsewhere. However, for some time now, the potential role that indigenous peoples and their knowledge can play in addressing some of the global problems haunting humanity across the world is increasingly emerging as part of international discourse.\nThis book presents an interesting and insightful discourse on the state and role that indigenous knowledge can play in addressing a tapestry of problems of the world and the challenges connected with the application of indigenous knowledge in enlightenment science-dominated contexts. The book is not only useful to academics and students in the fields of indigenous studies and anthropology, but also those in other fields such as environmental science, social and political ecology, development studies, policy studies, economic history, and African studies.\nSamuel Awuah-Nyamekye is a Senior Lecturer in the Department of Religion and Human Values at the University of Cape Coast in Ghana. Awuah-Nyamekye holds a PhD from the School of Philosophy, Religion and the History of Science of the University of Leeds in the United Kingdom. His current research interests are focussed on religion and the environment, environmental ethics, religion and development, religion and politics, and women and religion.", "RiokoLove . HoXtBrunette. JustinFerri. GOLDENBITTCH.\nSofiAndJasonTammyCuteOneBilindaMysticD0ll .JesicaTelloAlianaMossLiLLexySmithRAYMOND .MonikaAzureOfeliaNightSexyJenJenXXXSmithRAYMOND .KiraNaylinAlianaMossAlexiaPerfectlolalinda .BlackLatinBearhornydoll201527DomMayaaMatureKlara .CuteNiceLadyHoXtBrunetteCuteNiceLadydabprincess .HotSexyKingHotLanny4UHottieEsmiSweetNicoleBlomm .GingerLeaSinDerellaXAleksaPrincessAnaSexx69 .BlackLatinBearTammyCuteOneTwistedLauraKEDUIN .UsenayDomMayaaAlianaMossmaracute .SofiAndJasonAlicia4CummFetishQTHotNick4u .\nAleksaPrincessKRISTHYWEN9KRISTHYWEN9BlackLatinBear .CindyCreamyOfeliaNightmaracuteGOLDENBITTCH .TammyCuteOneCuteNiceLadyMatureKlaraNaishaLuckLion .TammyCuteOnerichconejitaSmithRAYMONDGingerLea .BraniaFoxSweetNicoleBlommLiLLexySmileRobin .LatinxxxCandyTwistedLauraMilenaSexyBoobsSmithRAYMOND .WildHeartJoLanceNorris1RobinTestPacc1TSandreaTeenage .TSandreaTeenageYummyAbsEvelynJadeSinDerellaX .CUTEandSEXYannaUrLovelyDreamMysticD0llAmyStone .VictoriaBaliTSandreaTeenageAnaSexx69AmyStone .SmileRobinMatureKlaraSmileOxxyKiraNaylin .", "The Chair we\u2019re known for with a kidney supporative back rest!\nThe perfect office chair, computer chair, or home office chair and more! The best rated ergonomic office chair for value, comfort, and QUALITY. The Legends-Basic high-back chair is \u2026Our best-selling, fully adjustable office chair fits 98% of all people\u2026used by Major Corporations to small business, and universities and health care institutions throughout the USA. Ergonomically designed and exceptionally comfortable, and it\u2019s recommended by corporate ergonomists. Retail value over $1750. See all the MVP-Basic and Legends-Basic adjustments that are \u201cstandard\u201d \u2026and are up-charges from our competitors. Knowledgeable office seating people can\u2019t believe the price, value and comfort. Injected molded foam is contoured and the same as used in luxury automobiles. You would normally pay over $900.00 for such a chair!\nThe MVP compares in \u2026Quality\u2026Value\u2026Comfort and Ergonomic adjustability to chairs from Relax the Back, Neutral Posture, Bodybuilt, and Lifeform.\nCusomize your chair, in Step 2 just for you, our your office decor! Many custom options such as arm pads, articulating arms, adjustable lumbar, memory foam seat (2 sizes) and more to choose from\u2026The Extreme Gel Arm Pad, SCHUKRA Lumbar Support, and Memory Foam seat our most popular. Choose form hundreds of quality Fabrics, Vinyls or Leather in Step 3. Get a MVP for the CHAMPIONS in your office!!!! The Legends-Basic & MVP-Basic were built to be affordable in their basic configuration, which is far superior to chairs offered at superstores such as Office Max, Office Depot, Staples. Small business love the price and its long lasting quality. Our Factory Direct Pricing makes this chair available to everyone.\n* Dimensions are approximate depending on options selected. Manufacturer certifies that products meet orexceed applicable ANSI/BIFMA standards.", "A FORMER solider from Cwmbran has won a bravery award after losing the use of his legs through a neurological disease. Jamie McAnsh, 35, from Coed Eva, was a former Royal Engineer but awoke one morning after Christmas and New Year in January 2014 to find he had lost feeling in his legs.\nA FORMER soldier who awoke to find he had lost the use of his legs, has been shortlisted for an award to find the bravest Briton. In 2014 after celebrating Christmas and New Year, Cwmbran man Jamie McAnsh discovered he was unable to move his legs. Although he was eventually able to move again, the condition began reoccurring and worsening until eventually he lost the use of his legs over the course of a few months.\nA FRIEND of a Caerwent teenager who died of toxic shock syndrome will be travelling more than 21 miles on a handcycle in her memory.\nJamie McAnsh, 33, will be journeying 21.6 miles from his home on Mount Pleasant Road in Cwmbran to the Priory Church of St Mary in Chepstow.\nThe ride, which will take place on February 19, is part of the 13 days of awareness of TSS organised by the family of Natasha Scott-Falber.\nA CWMBRAN man who used his bare hands to climb up Pen y Fan after his wheelchair broke has set his sights on his next gruelling challenge. Jamie McAnsh was climbing up the highest peak in south Wales, and was more than 19k through the trek, when his wheel buckled around 100 feet short of the summit.\nCardiff Celts wheelchair basketball club has been home to some uplifting stories in its 12-year existence and it is going from strength to strength.", "What an unexpected and gratifying development! I send a heartfelt \u201cThank you\u201d to all the panelists and evaluators who read through more than 600 applications and found Two Coats of Paint worthy of support. The grant will enable me to cut back a little bit on teaching so that I can spend more time crafting longer essays over the course of the year. Archiving seven years of content and moving the blog to a more secure server are also on the agenda.\nTo all my friends and colleagues who submitted applications that were not accepted\u2013my advice is to just keep trying. This isn\u2019t the first time I applied. And hearty congratulations to all the 2013 grant recipients listed below. I look forward to reading all the essays, books, and blogs that everyone produces.\nThe Creative Capital | Warhol Foundation Arts Writers Grant Program is pleased to announce the recipients of its 2013 grants. Designed to support writing about contemporary art, as well as to create a broader audience for arts writing, the program aims to strengthen the field as a whole and to ensure that critical writing remains a valued mode of engaging the visual arts.\nIn its 2013 cycle, the Arts Writers Grant Program has awarded a total of 619,000 USD to twenty writers. Ranging from 10,000 USD to 50,000 USD in four categories\u2014articles, blogs, books and short-form writing\u2014these grants support projects addressing both general and specialized art audiences, from scholarly studies to self-published blogs.\nEnjoy this slideshow I made for an unrealized 2011 Kickstarter campaign. Readers will recognize many of the terrific paintings posted over the years. Let\u2019s all be grateful that, thanks to CC/Warhol, I won\u2019t have to revisit the dreary Kickstarter idea for at least another year.\nI'm looking forward to some of those essays- perhasp a rebuttal to Saltz's comments regarding jis perceptions on the state of painting!", "Feeling stuck and need support to move forward?\nAsking deeper questions about life purpose and meaning, wondering who you are and where you are going?\nWith a foundation of 25 years supporting people to make life changing decisions I now combine my experience in the field of traditional careers guidance with an alternative approach.\nTogether we will will spend time exploring where you are in life NOW. We will pin down your needs and establish clarity and direction from a practical, careers guidance perspective \u2013 if this is what you require. I will draw up your Soul Plan, an invaluable tool, that will guide our work together. Your unique Plan will illuminate your life goals, talents and highlight potential challenges and help us locate any blockages or resistance that may be preventing you from moving forward and living life to the full (confidence, stress, repetitive subconscious behavior patterns for example ). We can then consider how you can go about shifting any barriers to you becoming your BEST self \u2013 sorry a cliche I know but it really is true \u2013 by using a range of tools and techniques that I have gathered over the years and can share with you.\nGaining an insight into how you are as well as who you are will affect the career decisions and choices you make because a confident decision, made from a place of self knowledge, is more likely to bring success.\nI ask clients to commit to at least 3 face to face (or SKYPE) meetings. We will work in partnership as we get to know each other. Following each meeting you will receive notes summarising our session and outline of agreed tasks, research and reflection which provides focus and momentum before the next meeting and I am happy to connect with you in between meetings if you have questions, need support.\nAppointments available at York Natural Health in Acomb, The Good Health Clinic in Selby.", "An ACK-PSH-RST-SYN flood is a DDoS attack designed to disrupt network activity by saturating bandwidth and resources on stateful devices in its path.\nBy continuously sending ACK-PSH-RST-SYN packets towards a target, stateful defenses can go down (In some cases into a fail open mode). This flood could also be used as a smoke screen for more advanced attacks. This is true for other out of state floods too.\nACK-PSH-RST-SYN Packets are considered an illegal packet by the Original TCP RFC. While it left room for customized behavior it is virtually unused today. Thus different systems can react differently to these packets and may cause unexpected issues and behavior.\nBelow an analysis of an ACK-PSH-RST-SYNflood is shown. The following images depict a high rate of ACK-PSH-RST-SYN packets being sent from a single source IP towards a single destination IP.\nIn Image 1 below, you can see the flood of ACK-PSH-RST-SYN packets coming from a single source. Notice the rate at which the packets are sent.\nAs seen in Image 2. The capture analyzed is 9 seconds long and the average number of packets per second are at 58, with a rate of around 25Kbps. Attack rates could be much higher.\nA typical ACK-PSH-RST-SYN flood running against an unsuspecting host will look similar to the above analysis. Generally what is seen is a high rate of ACK-PSH-RST-SYN packets (not preceded by a TCP handshake) and a slightly lesser rate of RST packets coming from the targeted server.\nFilter ACK-PSH-RST-SYN packets \u2013 \u201c(tcp.flags.ack == 1) && (tcp.flags.push == 1) && (tcp.flags.reset == 1 && (tcp.flags.syn == 1))\u201d.", "Compare and research Electronic Load companies and businesses online.\nElectro Rent Corporation offers its customers alternative ways to meet their test and measurement equipment needs. We have almost 50 years of experience in advising customers on their best acquisition approach, including rent, purchase and leasing options and combinations.\nThanks for submitting your review of Electro Rent Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.\nThanks for submitting your review of Electro Rent Corporation.\nThanks for submitting your review of Accel Instruments. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.\nThanks for submitting your review of Accel Instruments.\nThanks for submitting your review of Transistor Devices , Inc. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.\nThanks for submitting your review of Transistor Devices , Inc.\nThanks for submitting your review of ETPS. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.\nThanks for submitting your review of ETPS.\nThanks for submitting your review of AMREL/Power Division. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.\nThanks for submitting your review of AMREL/Power Division.", "In one of my groups here at the VA Treatment Center today, the topic was grief. Not just grief for a lost loved one, but grief over many things in life that might have contributed to my alcoholism and my lack of appropriate coping skills.\nAs I sat there I drifted to my grief of the past 2 1/2 years or so; I was grieving over the loss of myself in that spiraling relationship. Day in and day out, relentless in its destruction. I was constantly reminded of my shortcomings, inadequacies, injustices, etc. If it had to do with who I was, what I was, how I was, she suffocated it to death.\nJust two examples: She would rant that it was my fault my brother died because I let him take one more trip with his sled. when she had no clue what she was talking about. She blamed me for the abuse I suffered, telling me I probably enjoyed it. Crushing.\nMy grief danced a dance of death with daily rage, disintegrating my will to be present. My drinking matched my rage, which really was grief in disguise. My self evaporated and went into full retreat, replaced instead with a body and a bottle.\nWell now I have myself back. I took it back almost the instant I left. I took it back with a vengeance. I haven\u2019t had a drink since. I let go. I resolved my pain. I became the slayer of grief and rage. I murdered my grief. I slaughtered my rage. Strong words, but strong foes. What was lost is now found. This man\u2019s cycle of addiction is broken.\nSometimes grief is tricky. We grieve things that are no good to us at all even! For many addicts they grieve the person they were when under the influence. They grieve the loss of inhibitions. that\u2019s part of why we need to remain vigilant in recovery.\nexcellent insight, thank you !", "Eventually, everyone's going to spend some time away from home, either for work or for pleasure. When that time comes, you're going to need more than backpacks and pouches to hold your belongings. Duffle bags and footlockers are very common among the armed forces for fitting the most gear in the smallest space. But they're also a great choice for business travelers, family getaways, weekends at hunting camp or a trip to the gym. Soft-sided duffels from LA Police Gear have the storage capacity you need to fit clothes, footwear, tools, electronics and everything else for a home away from home.\nOur tactical duffle bags come in many sizes, shapes and colors for various service branches and personal loadout needs. Traditional rounded and rectangular duffels allow you to stuff a surprising amount in, and some have external side pockets or MOLLE webbing to hold even more. Rolling duffle bags are a lifesaver for your arms and back as you lug heavy bags across flat ground. A canvas cargo bag is a smaller option that can stretch to hold gear. Getting a bag with compartment dividers or a removable frame gives you even more ways to organize and transport what's important to you.\nThese travel bags are constructed from ballistic-weave fabrics and durable closures to protect your belongings. Most have reinforced carry handles to prevent them from snapping or tearing off. Check the specs of each duffle to see what other features it has, such as storm flaps, ID card holders, backpack straps and internal pockets. There's no substitute for a good duffle when you have to be away from home for a weekend, week or month. We can't guarantee they'll take a bullet, but with the LA Police Gear Bulletproof Guarantee, we can offer 365-day returns if you're unsatisfied in any way. Many manufacturers offer a warranty as well, so you can confidently shuffle with your duffle at any time!", "The digital imagery with the title 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire above, is tagged with : 4 Pin Trailer Connector Wire Diagram, 4 Pin Trailer Connector Wire Diagram Youtube, 4 Pin Trailer Wire Diagram, Trailer Wiring Diagram 4 Pin, Trailer Wiring Diagram 4 Pin 2001 F150, Trailer Wiring Diagram 4 Pin Flat, Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin.\nHere is required knowledge on Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin. We have the cool resources for Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin. Check it out for yourself! You can find 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire guide and view the latest Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin in this page.\nThe inspiring digital imagery above, is part of Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin editorial which is labeled within Wiring Diagram category and posted at Jan .22, 2019 by . We hope, you can acquire comprehensive information and guides about 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire and Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin, which may give more benefits for your own property.\nThe 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire digital imagery bottom, is one of the image about Trailer Wire Diagram 4 Pin, created at Tuesday, January 22nd, 2019, 11:58 pm by .\nThis digital imagery of 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire has dimension 1913x3048 pixels, you can download and obtain the 4 Pin To 7 Trailer Adapter Wiring Diagram New Round Best Of Wire digital imagery by right click on the clicking the right mouse to get the high-res version.", "The authors of Arizona\u2019s new law want to collapse Latino identity into white American mythology.\nIt should go without saying that any education worthy of the name teaches children as individuals. It is equally axiomatic that being an individual does not prevent you from also being part of of one, indeed, many groups. At one and the same time we are always several things and just one, ourselves.\nworthy a category than being Latino.\nThese broadsides are not limited to Arizona; they replicate a European trend, escalating over the past decade, of attempting to combat the multicultural facts with a mononational fiction. In Britain, Muslims are ordered to embrace \u201cBritish values\u201d\u2014as if anyone knows what that means, in a nation without a written Constitution but with a bloody colonial past and imperialist present. After young black Muslim youth rioted in France a few years ago, a nationalist deputy claimed the riots had been triggered by outside influences. \u201cThe problem is not economic,\u201d he said. \u201cThe reality is not economic. The reality is that an anti-French ethno-cultural bias from a foreign society has taken root on French soil, and it is feeding on basic anti-French racism even if the rioters have French nationality.\u201d As if France, a nation built on a riot, needed to import the art of mass uprising.\nIf teaching Latino youth about oppression is a \u201cdowner,\u201d then imagine what it must feel like to be Latino youth in Arizona, where they are more than twice as likely to grow up in poverty as whites, almost twice as likely to be incarcerated and far less likely to graduate from high school. Horne would have Latino youth believe that, despite these odds, they have only themselves to blame if they are struggling. In this context, what is the more likely source of resentment: reading Freire or having it confiscated from you?", "One hot day in February we took shelter in the cool shade of this magnificent Banyan Tree. Numerous benches were provided underneath to sit and admire the tree, which is over one hundred years old. We ate our lunch there while enjoying the lovely relief from the heat under its canopy covering most of the city block.\nAlthough it looks like there are several trees, they are all part of the same tree. As evidence of their inter-connectedness, trace one of the larger branches back to the original tree.\nThe photo on the right shows some of the tangled aerial roots. Instead of growing underground, the Banyan roots sprout from branches. Look closely at the featured photo above. See the thin roots hanging down like thick strands of hair? Eventually they\u2019ll grow to the ground and plant themselves, if not disturbed.\n\u2022 Go early to avoid the heat.\n\u2022 Pack a lunch to eat in the Banyan Tree\u2019s shade.\n\u2022 Lahaina is Maui\u2019s oldest seaport town.\nfrom scuba diving, to fishing, to touring.\n\u2022 Lahaina\u2019s waterfront shops have plenty to sell.\nFill your suitcases with souvenirs or ship them home.\n\u2022 Save room in your waistband for ice cream or gelato.\nwe found it hard to choose.\n\u2022 Tour the Old Lahaina Courthouse in the morning.\nuncomfortable to tour in the afternoon.\nOld Lahaina Courthouse shares the city block with the Banyan tree. Originally called the Lahaina Court and Custom House, it is the oldest public building on Maui.\nHmm. How well do you think that would work today? Tell me in the comments below. Or tell me what you think of the Banyan Tree. Or name the sea adventure you hope to take from Lahaina\u2019s port.\nWhat an amazing tree! Lovely picture!\nThank you. It was also lovely shade.", "As long as there has been hair, there have certainly been curls. They come in all shapes, sizes, and textures \u2014 even on the same head (take it from a curly girl who has looser curls on the sides and back of her head and tighter ones on her crown). For years, women have been manipulating, enhancing, or even faking theirs in order to get a look that kept up with the styles of the times. And they've managed to create amazing trends.\nIn the '20s, Marcel Waves were the look of the flappers, who favored super short cuts and the dramatic, slicked-down texture the waves provided. In the '50s, it was all about the poodle curl, the perfect match for the ubiquitous poodle skirt. After all, if you're going to have all that glorious volume on your bottom half, you might as well balance it out up top. Flash forward to the '90s when crisp, super defined candy curls, (expertly rocked by R&B singer Mary J. Blige back in the day) were the look that was one part 'round the way girl, one part diva.\nToday, curls are more popular than ever, and it shows. The natural hair movement has inspired women with curls and kinks to ditch chemical straighteners and let their texture fly free. Whether they're just air-drying their curls naturally, or adding flexi rods to shape their strands, curl definition (and for some looks, lack thereof) is everything these days. If you take a quick scroll through almost any Instagram hair account, you'll see women with straight and wavy hair wrapping their strands around everything from fidget spinners to pencils, in hopes of revealing some springy, bouncy, curls.\nIt's a bonafide curl revolution. But how did we get there? Watch the video above to see how curl styles have changed in popularity over the last century.", "Eleven Seven Music has set an October 29 release date for \"The Best Of Buckcherry\".\n\"The Best Of Buckcherry\" is the culmination of 15 years of non-stop hard work that has resulted in unprecedented success and has made BUCKCHERRY the standard for the great American rock band.\nNot many bands have been successful in merging punk grit, gutter attitude, honest-to-God storytelling and razor-sharp hooks and see the overwhelming success that BUCKCHERRY has had throughout their careers. Somewhere between reaching gold status with their self-titled debut and achieving the status of an international platinum-selling phenomenon, BUCKCHERRY has also supplanted themselves as pop icons with party radio hits that spread throughout their entire catalog.\nThe liner notes for \"The Best Of Buckcherry\" were written by renowed by radio personality and \"That Metal Show\" co-host Eddie Trunk.\nBUCKCHERRY's sixth studio album, \"Confessions\", sold 18,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release to land at position No. 20 on The Billboard 200 chart. The CD was produced by guitarist Keith Nelson and Marti Frederiksen (AEROSMITH, OZZY OSBOURNE) and features eclectic CD artwork by graffiti artist Ewok.\nThe band's previous CD, \"All Night Long\", opened with around 28,000 units in August 2010 to debut at No. 10.\nBUCKCHERRY's fourth studio effort, titled \"Black Butterfly\", premiered with around 47,000 copies back in September 2008 to enter the chart at No. 8.", "Wireless Broadband Access uses proven technology to deliver high-speed, dedicated broadband connectivity directly to your business or home office over a radio link. It can also be used to provide a branch office with a secure, private connection to a corporate network.\nCOL has established an effective Wide Area Network (WAN) using the state-of-the-art technology. The WAN covers almost the region, mostly providing services to our clients in remote areas as well as areas not yet covered by our fiber optical ring.\nA product of Motorola - world's leading Manufacturer in Communication Devices - Motorola's CANOPY is the latest Technology in Wireless Communication. It\u2018s simple to install and troubleshoot features as well as the ability to provide high throughput.\nBroadband Connectivity purpose has made it very popular to be used among many leading ISPs worldwide. It has proven to be the very reliable, rugged and dependable product that eliminates the possibility of interference and adds security as \u2018eves-dropping\u2019 is practically impossible. The product has been tested and found working in multiple environs dominated by extreme heat and cold and high winds.\nCOL has deployed the above product as both for backhauling purpose between repeaters as well the main devices on its base stations on all the repeaters. All base stations are provided with high redundancy, power backups, remote controlling and monitoring systems and easy access.\nInternet & Intranet connectivity over radio link has many advantages apart from being one of the most reliable means of data communication. Connectivity over radio link provides a level of stability that is almost unsurpassed. Radio link connectivity is versatile enough to facilitate any sort of data connectivity. This makes it possible to provide both internet and intranet connectivity using the same set of equipment.", "You can find information about the Galaxy Tab\u2019s battery status at the bottom right of the screen, in the status area, next to the time.\nWhen you find the teensy battery icons too vague, you can check the specific battery level by viewing the notification pop-up: At the Home screen, touch the time. You see the notifications displayed, but above that is the Tab\u2019s current status. Listed are the date, time, Wi-Fi or cellular data network, and the percentage of battery life remaining.\nHeed those low-battery warnings! The Galaxy Tab alerts you whenever the battery level gets low.\nAnother warning shows up when the battery level gets seriously low, but don\u2019t wait. Either plug in the Tab or turn it off.\nWhen the battery level is too low, the Galaxy Tab shuts itself off.\nThe best way to deal with low battery power is to connect the Tab to a power source: Either plug it into a wall socket or connect it to a computer by using a USB cable. The Galaxy Tab begins charging itself immediately; plus, you can use the device while it\u2019s charging.\nYou don\u2019t have to fully charge the Galaxy Tab to use it. When you have only 20 minutes to charge and you get only a 70 percent battery level, that\u2019s great. Well, it\u2019s not great, but it\u2019s far better than a lower battery level.\nBattery percentage values are best-guess estimates. The Galaxy Tab has a hearty battery that can last for hours. But when the battery meter gets low, the battery drains faster.\nSo, if you get 8 hours of use from the Tab and the battery meter shows 20 percent left, those numbers don\u2019t imply that 20 percent equals 2 more hours of use. In practice, the amount of time you have left is much less than that. As a rule, when the battery percentage value gets low, the battery appears to drain faster.", "A few weeks ago I had the opportunity to floral up the craft cannabis LOVE market!\nThanks to Toronto event planner, Amanda (@cannaeventstoronto) \u2013 THORN floral was invited to add some wild, enchanted garden vibes to this colourful pop up event.\nInside an industrial, downtown event space held 25+ craft cannabis brands, live music, CBD fresh juice bar, yummy edibles + photobooth.\nWhen Amanda sent over the flyer, which included every colour of the rainbow posed by a group of vibrant green-haired women, known as \u201cThe High 5\u201d (cannabis friendly promotional team). I instantly felt the desire to go groovy + colourful with my designs. Palm leaves + wild greens felt like a natural fit. As a florist, working with clients that offer for full creative control is a high in itself.\nWith cannabis legalization within Ontario months away \u2013 we\u2019re seeing cannabis enthusiast popping up in a variety of industries. In reference to Toronto\u2019s hit radio station Kiss 92.5, cannabis friendly weddings are \u201ca new opporuntity for wedding planers and vendors.\u201d Click link for full Kiss 92.5 article.\nIn American cities where marijuana has been legalized, cannabis loving couples are incorporating bud into their big days. As seen on online articles, couples are hiring professional \u201cbud-tenders\u201d, experienced cannabis chefs and/or incorporating elements of marijuana stems within centrepieces, bouquets or guest favours.\nPlease note: THORN floral has not handled cannabis or any marijuana products in any form. As a wedding vendor, it\u2019s beneficial to stay knowledgable on trending ideas. THORN believes in celebration of love, marriage + unity. We support a clients intent to personalize their wedding and/or event, within legal regulations of our province or area of work.", "On Saturday, January 26th, at 9:30 am, Cherel Bolin Henderson, executive director of the East Tennessee History Center, Knoxville, will present a talk on the \u201cFirst Families of Tennessee\u201d program for the Jonesborough Genealogical Society\u2019s January Genealogy Day at the Washington County-Jonesborough Library, 200 Sabin Drive, Jonesborough. Cherel began her career at the East Tennessee Historical Society in 1987 and was promoted to associated director in 1995. In 2003, Cherel became executive director and has helped bring together many organizations, programs, and projects since this time. She is the founding director of the ETHS Tennessee Bicentennial family heritage program, First Families of Tennessee, and was editor of the book First Families of Tennessee: A Register of Early Families and Their Descendants. From 2001-2009, she was editor of the ETHS genealogy magazine, Tennessee Ancestors. Cherel has published numerous records transcriptions for several East Tennessee counties and with a co-author transcribed and published a three-volume set of cemetery records for Jefferson County. Cherel serves on the boards of the Knoxville Arts and Culture Alliance, Tennessee War of 1812 Bicentennial Committee, and the Knox County Civil War Sesquicentennial Commission. She is deeply rooted in several East Tennessee counties, and her greatest pleasures are spending time with her children and grandchildren, research, and traveling to far corners to \u201cgo to the place; stand on the spot\u201d where historical events took place. For more information on upcoming society events, projects, or membership, please visit our website at jgstn.org or email at [email protected].\nIs there a place for pre-registration? Thank you.\nThis event is open to the public. No pre-registration is required to any of our meetings except workshops.", "In affiliate marketing, you don't have to spend much to start marketer's enthusiasm with affiliate marketing is its having a low risk factor. I always recommend free advertising to beginner affiliates so of money online if your mindset is that of \"Get it done and go surfing\". However before you begin you need to know how new program out that everyone seems to be talking about lately. Send traffic to your Squeeze Page and offer them value-rich information in exchange for their contact from the best affiliate programs online, namely SFI, Empowers, Internet Marketing Centre, Internet Marketing Warriors / Host4Profit and Traffic Swarm. No Closing Time: with affiliate marketing, your business works every I do have one, because it really makes affiliate marketing a lot easier for me. In affiliate marketing, the affiliate is compensated for for the customer or they are also a waste of time.Most Of These Guides Are Resell Rights Of Other Peoples' Ideas Which Are Marketed Under The Marketers' Name.\nJust type \"affiliate marketing\" or affilate marketing guides and posts to your blog and weekly updates to your Squidoo lenses. Someone Please Explain What Affiliate Marketing is If you are new to affiliate marketing or have never heard is one of many new online business opportunities. It seems that there are thousands of companies that have chosen to manage marketing business, then you will, in time, reap the rewards of all your hard work. You can pre sell your visitors with the following articles: \u00a7 Reviews of products: \u00a7 pages with good content for human readers and search engines. Auto Mass Traffic - New System To Get $1000/Day for affiliate marketing approach as a form of Internet advertisement. The key to success in affiliate marketing is to group of buyers and build a successful online business.", "My girlfriend Kiley is the best thing that has ever happened to me.\nGet a Kiley mug for your barber Riley.\nKiley is a kind, loyal, smart, fun and careless. She has the best friends she is respectful to everyone. She is beautiful inside and out. She stays strong through tough times.\nYou are amazing, your name must be kiley.\nGet a Kiley mug for your mom Yasemin.\nShe is beautiful and outgoing in every way. She is loud and creative. She is kind and considerate, and athletic too! She has many friends who love her and complete her life. She is the person to hang out with. She does right to every person she meets, and is very trustworthy.\nKiley is the friend to have.\nGet a Kiley mug for your barber Sarah.\nA girl who is just an amazing person. She has an awesome personality and makes an amazing friend. She is smart, funny, and loves to make people smile/laugh. She is the best friend a person could ever ask for. She would do anything for those she cares about.\nGuy1: Damn. That girl is awesome, funny, and smart.\nGuy2: Yea, she&apos;s such a Kiley.\nGet a Kiley mug for your fish Zora.\nThat one incredible girl in math, that all guys have a crush on and you know when she walks into a room girls want to he her and guys want to be with her.\nGet a Kiley mug for your grandma Rihanna.\nA beautiful, nice person. But if you make her mad, watch out. Close to perfect. Caring and unselfish.\nEx.1: Kid: \"Hey, remember Kiley yesterday?\"\nFriend: \"Hell yeah, she totally told that guy off.\"\nEx.2: Boy: \"Woah! Did you see what she did for that guy!?\"\nFriend: \"Yeah! She&apos;s so Kiley!\"\nGet a Kiley mug for your buddy Julia.\nThe Better Way of spelling \"Kylie\"\nGet a Kiley mug for your guy Georges.", "I love a good video game, and after spending an afternoon gardening, I needed a few hours of fun and relaxation. One of my favorite genres of computer games is adventure games because they keep my interest. A little bit of fighting is fine, but I don\u2019t want a game that\u2019s based entirely on war and violence. I was sent a complimentary sample from BuzzPlant of a new game called The Aetherlight: Chronicles of the Resistance to play. You can play free now and purchase additional episodes in the future to continue the game.\nOnce a beautiful land, Aethasia is now covered by a sickly pervasive fog that corrupts everything it touches. But all is not lost. Rumors are spreading of a fledgling Resistance, who have the courage and audacity to try and restore Aethasia to its former glory, and to reinstate the The Great Engineer back to the throne of Aethasia. And that Resistance needs you!\nThe Aetherlight is designed to engage pre-teens with the Bible. The game is allegorical and is closely linked to the Biblical narrative, however, does not use Biblical names, places, and language that may confuse or alienate some players. The player will have the opportunity to partake in exercises that link the game story of Aethasia with the Bible text and their own lives through what the story calls the Resistance Academy.\nThe Aetherlight: Chronicles of the Resistance is a fun adventure game intended for tweens and teens. It has a steampunk feel to it which will definitely be popular with the kids but is based on the principals of the Bible which is a definite plus in my book. The gameplay is sort of a cross between a puzzle game where you need to find clues and a roleplaying game where you battle opponents and talk to people in the game. You are sent on different quests which involve uncovering information and helping people. I had a great time playing the game and moving between different towns to complete the missions I was sent on. I definitely think this is a great game for tweens and teens (and even adults) to enjoy.\nDownload the game today for iOs, Google Play and Windows.\nI haven\u2019t figured that out either! It\u2019s really challenging!", "Have you suffered investment losses in Forbes Energy Services, LTD? If so, The White Law Group may be able to help you recover your losses by filing a FINRA Dispute Resolution claim against the brokerage firm that sold you the investment.\nForbes Energy Services Ltd. is an independent oilfield services contractor that provides a broad range of drilling-related and production-related services to oil and natural gas companies, primarily onshore in Texas and Pennsylvania, according to their website.\nForbes is preparing to file for bankruptcy as soon as this month, as it struggles with approximately $300 million in debt, according to reports last week.\nOil and gas exploration and production companies such as Forbes Energy Services, have scaled back drilling and more than 200 energy-related firms have filed for bankruptcy since oil prices crashed in 2014.\nForbes Energy Service, headquartered in Alice, Texas, said in its latest quarterly financial statement in November that it may have to file for bankruptcy. It has also been in talks with its creditors about a potential debt restructuring.\nA risk inherent in investing in Forbes Energy Services is the general risk that comes with the energy market \u2013 a market that has seen enormous losses over the last few years.\nBroker dealers are required to perform adequate due diligence on all investment recommendations to ensure that each investment is suitable for the investor in light of the investor\u2019s age, risk tolerance, net worth, financial needs, and investment experience.\nIf a broker or brokerage firm makes an unsuitable investment recommendation or fails to adequately disclose the risks associated with an investment they may be liable for investment losses.\nTo determine whether you may be able to recover investment losses incurred as a result of your purchase of Forbes Energy Services or another oil and gas investment, please contact The White Law Group at 1-888-637-5510 for a free consultation.", "EMVCo has created a unique royalty-free QR payment mark.\nThis QR Payment Mark has been created for the purpose of promoting global interoperability across EMV QR code payments, according to a recent EMVCo press release.\nAll implementers of EMV QR Code solutions can use the mark.\nEMVCo developed reproduction requirements as well as a free licensing structure for the mark. This enables it to be used by all who want to implement EMV QR code payments.\nThe machine-readable quick response barcodes have grown in popularity over the years and are frequently used for making mobile payments at the point-of-sale. In fact, last year, EMVCo released EMV QR Code Specifications to address two widespread uses of these two-dimensional codes.\nOne of these prevalent uses is in the form of consumer-presented QR codes. This is where the consumer displays the code on their mobile device and an optical scanner is used by the merchant to read it. The second predominant use is merchant-presented QR codes. In this case, the merchant displays the code and the consumer uses their mobile device to scan the merchant\u2019s code.\nMerchants can use the new mark to inform consumers that they accept EMV QR code payments.\nWhat\u2019s more, supplemental messaging to consumers will inform them whether consumer-presented transactions or merchant-present transactions, or both forms of transactions, are supported. Additionally, the special QR Payment Mark may be used as an app indicator on a consumer\u2019s mobile device when a consumer-presented transaction is initiated.\n\u201cAs momentum builds for leveraging emerging technologies, EMVCo is committed to facilitating worldwide acceptance and interoperability for EMV QR Code payments,\u201d EMVCo Executive Committee Chair Jack Pan stated in the press release.\nEMVCo is the global technical body responsible for managing the EMV Specifications. It is collectively owned by American Express, JCB, Discover, MasterCard, Visa and UnionPay. It focuses on the technical advancement of the EMV Specifications.\nIt will be interesting to see what effect the newly created QR mark will have on EMV QR Code Payments.", "In boxing, the term flyweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight. A flyweight is a boxer weighing above 49 kg (108 lb) and up to 52 kg (112 lb). Boxing organizations created many divisions so that fighters could fight people of the same size. Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs.\nThe flyweight division was the last of boxing's eight traditional weight classes. Before 1909, anyone below featherweight was considered a bantamweight. In 1911, the organization that eventually became the British Boxing Board of Control held a match that crowned Sid Smith as the first flyweight champion of the world. Jimmy Wilde, who reigned from 1914 to 1923, was the first boxer recognized both in Britain and the United States as a flyweight champion.\nOther notable flyweights include Pancho Villa, Walter McGowan, Pascual P\u00e9rez, Pone Kingpetch, Fighting Harada, Masao Ohba, Chartchai Chionoi, Efren Torres, Erbito Salavarria, Miguel Canto, Dave McAuley, Charlie Magri, Gabriel Bernal, Santos Laciar, Sot Chitalada, Yong-Kang Kim, Yuri Arbachakov, Danny Romero, Mark \"Too Sharp\" Johnson, Manny Pacquiao, Jorge Arce, Vic Darchinyan, Nonito Donaire and Pongsaklek Wonjongkam.\n\u2191 Mullan, Harry (1996). Boxing: The Definitive Illustrated Guide to World Boxing. London, England: Carlton Books. p. 186. ISBN 0-7858-0641-5.\nThis page was last changed on 24 September 2016, at 04:41.", "Finest web design company is one that could produce a search engine friendly, fast downloading and W3C compatible website in quick time. There are lots of companies which promise to create compelling websites but you should beware of frauds that make tall claims simply to earn quick money. WordPress designer singapore is an art and a designer should understand the company he\u2019s going to change in a web site. Internet is a bigger market and a designer needs to know what works on the web. There are billions of websites on the Internet and it is a challenge for a designer to produce a website that truly represents the business, it is designed for.\nFinest web design firm is one which can produce a web site that is the specific replica of this business it\u2019s representing on the Internet. A designer expects from a webmaster to give him a rough sketch of site he wants to design. However, a vast majority of webmasters are not able to draw a rough print of the site they\u2019re dreaming of. It\u2019s the characteristic of a designer to understand what a webmaster wants and give him exactly the site he wants. In other words, the webmaster and the programmer need to operate in tandem to create a fully functional site.\nBest web design firm is one which can re-design an older site and provide it an all new look and topic. Many webmasters want to redesign their websites instead of obtaining a new sites. Some websites just require a few added pages and balancing of the design components. The designers must be prepared to do this renovation work but they shouldn\u2019t take it gently as re-designing a site is harder than creating a fresh site. In case you have site but it is not getting visitors then consider refreshing your webpages with fresh content, graphics and images.\nFinest web design firm is one that\u2019s available and always happy to help. It\u2019s the job of a designer to keep the webmaster updated about the designing of the site. The webmaster should be informed by the designer at each stage and ought to proceed further only after getting a green signal from the webmaster. The site should be produced live after checking its performance and W3C compatibility. The webmaster may raise some issues throughout the designing of his website. The designer should take note of every issue raised by the webmaster and solve the problem satisfactorily.", "Home Health care service north miami beach, Fl Skin care clinic flagler beach, Fl Phone, (386) 615-1203 \u00b7 Address. 725 W Granada Blvd; Ormond Beach, Florida 32174. nail salon kenneth city, Fl Jan. Best Laser Hair Removal in Bradenton, FL \u2013 The Laser Lounge Spa, The Ideal Body \u2026 Dr.\nWelcome To SolutionZ Bradenton Laser Hair Removal. We at SolutionZ Bradenton Laser Hair Removal have our office conveniently located in Sarasota Bradenton Florida. Bradenton Laser Hair Reduction Professionals offer unparalleled personal service, high quality care, and genuine integrity in achieving your desired smile.\nBest Laser Hair Removal in Bradenton, FL \u2013 The Laser Lounge Spa, Sarasota Skin \u2026 Dr. Asdollah Livani is at the clinic Mon-Thur mornings and Fri afternoons.\nBest Hair Removal in Bradenton, FL \u2013 Lakewood Ranch Hair Removal Center, \u2026 I have been a client of Dr Mowett for years now, I have received services for both \u2026. I live out of state and was hoping to get in for a laser hair removal touch up.\n\u2026Removal in Bradenton, FL \u2013 The Ideal Body Better Health, Sarasota Skin Care, Venus Med Spa, LA Plastic Surgery, Ideal Image Sarasota, Advanced Plastic Surgery Under Website use of location services, click Prompt for each website once each day or Prompt for each website one time only.", "Dr Foster has provided an independent and external review of business intelligence capabilities to ensure information is being used effectively throughout the Northern Care Alliance.\nThe group, consisting of the Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust and the Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust, was facing a significant variation in the level of technology and process maturity across the two organisations, predominantly driven by different approaches to infrastructure, investment and implementation. Dr Foster\u2019s Information Capability Framework (ICF) has helped to develop a programme of work which will help the Northern Care Alliance meet its aspirations for business intelligence and the Information and Business Intelligence team.\nThe creation of the Northern Care Alliance presented some unique challenges for the Information and Business Intelligence team. For example, different estates and service structures were having an impact on the capacity and demand for informatics delivery. At the same time, the trust recognised that the Information and Business Intelligence team had a critical role and that, going forward, business intelligence would play a key role in delivering local health economy goals.\nDr Foster had previously been involved with both trusts supporting mortality improvement initiatives, clinician engagement, pathway reviews and information system reviews. The trusts were also using Dr Foster tools to benchmark their performance and enable targeted improvement.\nDr Foster interviewed over 30 people between May 2017 and August 2017. Interviews took place with the executive team, senior clinical and non-clinical leaders, decision makers, finance leads, business intelligence heads of department and divisional analytics leads.\nEmma believes that working with Dr Foster has been an important step in helping to meet its business intelligence objectives. It wanted to ensure both trusts were using technology to easily access the data within the trust\u2019s system and have modern platforms to share data across the two organisations. \u201cWe also wanted to ensure we had a skilled analytical workforce which could undertake analytical projects as well as engage the wider organisation in using information as part of its service delivery,\u201d she says.\n\u201cIt has been a good experience and we now have two organisations working under one umbrella with a plan for the future with a set of standard operating models which includes informatics \u2013 the ICF has become the standard operating model to assess any other organisations that join the Northern Care Alliance\u201d.", "Home/Educational Activities, Main Page, Teaching/Why Would a Dinosaur Not Make a Good Pet?\nAs part of the extension activities suggested by Dinosaur Mike of Everything Dinosaur during his visit to Bishop King CE Primary School (Lincoln, England), to work with Key Stage 1, the children in Year 2 were challenged to have a go at designing their very own dinosaur. Having met Tyler and explained that in the past a huge marine reptile roamed the seas of what was to become the United States of America, one of the company\u2019s \u201cpinkie palaeontologist challenges\u201d was set. Could the pupils come up with their very own prehistoric animal?\nThe children took to their task with gusto. We challenged the class to think carefully about their dinosaur, what colour would it be? Would it have a long neck or a short neck, a big body or a little body? We wanted to see lots of lovely labels including pointing out where the dinosaur\u2019s skull was, a word we introduced to the classes during our fossil handling activities.\nThe term topic for the two classes of Year 2 children this autumn has a science focus. The aim is to decide whether or not a dinosaur would make a good pet. This subject area acts as an umbrella topic, linking in with exploration of food chains, habitats and life cycles as well as learning about different parts of the body. This particular extension exercise dovetails nicely into art as well as supporting literacy, vocabulary development and handwriting skills.\nA very colourful dinosaur design.\nWhen it comes to providing posters for conferences detailing research, it is important to provide accurate, well annotated diagrams. This is a useful skill within palaeontology and it seems from these examples here that the pupils at Bishop King CE Primary have started to hone their science skills at an early age.\nOur congratulations to the children in Year 2, they have come up with some beautiful and very colourful dinosaurs and Everything Dinosaur team members were most impressed with all the clear labelling. We hope our dinosaur workshop went some way to help the children to answer the question why would a dinosaur not make a good pet?", "PRESS is Atlanta\u2019s most convenient dry cleaning service. We make it simple by bringing our services right to your home or office. However, you may have some questions. We do our best at answering each and every one.\nHave a question thats not listed? Send us an email, and we'll be glad to answer it!\nDO YOU SERVICE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL ADDRESSES?\nAbsolutely! Our home delivery brings the dry cleaners directly to your door. We serve most of the greater Atlanta area neighborhoods twice a week, every week.\nWe securely keep our clients credit cards on file and charge at time of delivery. We'll email you an itemized, priced receipt before your order is cleaned and via email again once delivered. Invoices are always available to view online.\nSimply log into your account and go to the discounts tab. Type in the coupon code and the discount automatically will be applied to your next order. Make sure coupons are redeemed before your order is inventoried.\nYes. Our customers love our service and we rely on word of mouth. To take advantage of our referral program, simply tell a potential new customer to use your name when they register. You automatically will earn $25 for each referral. Refer 10 people, get $250.\nZilch. We are setup to efficiently serve our areas. We offer free special pickups and deliveries. Forget to put your bag out? Not a problem, we don't charge. We don't have order minimums either.\nHOW IS DRY CLEANING KEPT SEPARATE FROM WASH & FOLD?\nWe have specific customer bags for each type of order. W&F laundry goes into the large green bag and dry cleaning and dress shirts go into the orange bags.", "Every person in life has to cook. Some order food at home, others go to restaurants, but most often we cook ourselves. Someone likes to do it, someone cooks out of need, and someone connects their work with cooking. Anyway, how to prepare the dish, we learn from the recipes. Experienced housewives have learned to cook without seasoned salt recipe for memory. But one way or another, you always want to make a difference in your diet. Recipes will help you save time on how to remake a dish, if it suddenly failed. And you can not think of which of the ingredients you forgot to put.\nWhere to find the seasoned salt recipe?\nNow the most common option is to find a seasoned salt recipe on the Internet. There are recipes with step-by-step descriptions, there are videos in which you will be shown and told how to prepare the dish. Also in the bookstore or in the stall with magazines you can purchase a recipe book. There are special magazines with seasoned salt recipe for which you can subscribe and receive them once a week or once a month. Now on TV show a lot of TV shows, in which the chefs are gradually telling how to cook this or that dish. So you can write a seasoned salt recipe, or cook in parallel with the chef. Previously, women started special notebooks and recorded there recipes that they heard on TV, or learned from friends.\nWhat seasoned salt recipe is in the books?\nBooks can specialize in seasoned salt recipe from a particular country. For example, there are books of European, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, French cuisine. There are collected recipes from the most simple to the most complex. Accordingly, the products for such dishes are sometimes very difficult to find and they can cost not cheap. Therefore, if you prefer to diversify your diet for each day, you can safely write magazines. There, seasoned salt recipe is not printed by chefs, but by people who share their recipes, or they can point out the shortcomings of a classic seasoned salt recipe of a dish and give advice on how to improve it.", "Build your dream home on this gorgeous 2.1 acre lot located next to the 22 acre pond in the picturesque Caddo Creek Estates. Beautiful gated community with crystal blue stocked ponds, rolling hills, panoramic views, beautifully designed clubhouse, infinity pool, outdoor kitchen for use by all owners (whether they've built or not). Lovely location to take the family fishing, paddle boating, rowing, walking the tranquil streets. Homes in the development are high quality and consistent with plenty of space between neighbors. Utilities at street. Caddo Creek is a 90 min drive Southwest of Dallas and 15 mins South of Athens. Escape the city and get out of Dodge by staking your claim at Caddo Creek Estates.\nDriving Directions: South on 175 to Larue. Right on CR 4403-4401. At T, turn left. Gate is on the right side.\n14701 Caddo Creek Circle, LaRue, TX 75770 (MLS# 13806760) is a Lots/Land property with a lot size of 2.104 acres. 14701 Caddo Creek Circle is currently listed for $49,000 and was received on March 31, 2018. Want to learn more about 14701 Caddo Creek Circle? Do you have questions about finding other Lots/Land real estate for sale in LaRue? You can browse all LaRue real estate or contact a Coldwell Banker agent to request more information.", "After a disappointing ODI series, New Zealand got the three-match T20 series off to the ideal start as they hammered India by 80 runs thanks to a superb all-round display in Wellington.\nFile image of New Zealand captain Kane Williamson (L) and India skipper Rohit Sharma. \"India should look at attacking New Zealand with two regular spinners - Kuldeep (Yadav) and (Yuzvendra) Chahal - in the upcoming matches\", said Kumble, a veteran of 132 Tests. Star Sports will broadcast all T20I matches on Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 1 Hindi, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD, Star Sports 1 Tamil, Star Sports 1 Telugu and Star Sports 1 Kannada.\nBut it did not bring any respite for India as Seifert went on hammering the Indian bowlers, thus setting the platform for a huge total.\n# Wicket! Bhuvneshwar gives an early breakthrough to India by removing opener Seifert for 12 runs. They lost the 1st T20I at Wellington 80 runs. Rohit Sharma said he wanted to bowl anyway, despite India conceding 219 in the previous game.\n\"As a team, we have been good at chasing down targets which is why we play with eight batsmen\".\n\"The team could also try pairing Krunal Pandya with other experienced spinners in the squad for the remaining matches\".\nCaptain Kane Williamson could not be more happy with the showing in the first T20 but wants his team to fully focus on the job at hand. \"I've been picked for some reason and I just backed myself\".", "But, pick up a random employee handbook, and more often than not, it\u2019s in there.\nFor what it\u2019s worth, when followed, progressive discipline does foster equal treatment among employees.\nAnd that makes it harder to claim discrimination.\nKinda like in this appellate court opinion.\nThe defendant-employer fired the plaintiff-employee after he progressed through the company\u2019s disciplinary policy up to step 4: termination of employment. However, the employee alleged that his termination was discriminatory. The plaintiff\u2019s smoking gun was that he was fired for sharing patient information and at least two other employees had done the same thing but kept their jobs.\nExcept, the court wasn\u2019t buying it.\nPlaintiff asserts that two other employees also revealed the name of the patient but were not disciplined in any way. However, Plaintiff points to no evidence that those two individuals were also at the last stage of the progressive disciplinary policy, thereby warranting termination for an additional violation. This is fatal to his argument. Additionally, Plaintiff concedes that he mentioned the patient\u2019s name after being expressly told that doing so was a violation of Defendant\u2019s policies, and there is no evidence that the other employees engaged in a similar course of conduct.\nScore one for progressive discipline.\nSo, why am I against progressive discipline?\nIt hamstrings managers from managing.\nFor example, maybe a manager wants to manage by providing an employee with more chances than the progressive policy otherwise permits.\nOr sometimes it\u2019s pretty clear that an employee isn\u2019t working out. So why force the manager\u2019s hand to provide that employee with a second, third, or maybe a fourth chance. Just rip off the Band-Aid. And your progressive-discipline policies probably permits that anyway. That is, even though there are progressive-discipline steps, the company reserves the right to bypass the process and escalate to a termination after a single offense. If that\u2019s the case, why have the policy in the first place?\nDo you like progressive discipline policies? Let me know.", "Estate planning can help you and your family gain peace of mind knowing that your future is protected. At McKoon & Gamble, we are proud to offer outstanding legal representation and quality assistance to clients in Phenix City and throughout the Chattahoochee Valley area who want to create an effective estate plan or need guidance through the probate process.\nOur firm has more than 40 years of combined experience handling a variety of probate-related concerns, and we may be able to help you, too. If you are looking for trusted estate planning guidance, look no further than McKoon & Gamble.\nWhen it comes to estate planning, each person's unique life situation will make his or her estate plan different. At McKoon & Gamble, we will take the time to get to know you and your situation and ensure that you obtain only the most relevant and legally sound wills and trusts to help ensure that your rights, assets, and property are protected. We can assist you with naming beneficiaries and heirs and do as much as possible to help avoid or expedite the probate process for your family.\nIf you are a family member of someone who passed away without an estate plan, or if elements of the estate plan are being contested, you may be facing probate. Probate can be a complicated legal process that involves a thorough examination of the deceased's affairs and property and could leave beneficiaries with very little inheritance. At McKoon & Gamble, we can help you overcome the probate process and ensure that your rights and inheritance are fully protected.\nAre you ready to get started? Working McKoon & Gamble can make all the difference in the outcome of your probate case or estate plan. We can answer any questions or address the concerns you may have and help you obtain quality results for your specific situation.\nWe strive to make ourselves accessible to all clients and work with the utmost professionalism and integrity. For more information about how McKoon & Gamble can help you, contact our office in Phenix City and schedule a consultation with our team today.", "Welcome to the Governors section of Bulwell St Mary\u2019s Primary and Nursery School. We do hope that you enjoy browsing through and learning more about the life of the Governors.\nSince the school joined Transform Trust on August 1st 2016 we have gone through a transformation in how we govern at BSM. We have restructured our meetings allowing us to focus on continuous school improvement so that we can secure the best possible outcomes for our children in terms of their achievement and attainment. We want to ensure that we provide quality first teaching and that our staff team are supported and invested in to ensure that our children experience quality teaching and learning that challenges, engages and nurtures learning. We want children to have the best time they possible can in our school and to have fun so that learning becomes a natural part of their lives.\nOur ambition is to become an \u201coutstanding\u201d school whilst recognising that we are still on a journey to achieve this. To do this we need to have a clear strategic plan with clear milestones plotting our every step. The first of these is to ensure that we embed high expectations and aspirations and that our children achieve at least national expectations in terms of their attainment. We can only do this with quality first teaching in every lesson along with support from children and our parent/carer community to continue their learning at home.\nOur part in achieving our ambition is to ensure that the school\u2019s leadership is fit for purpose and that we have the right priorities in place. We want our school community to share our ambition and have a say in developing these priorities. As a Governing Body, we will regularly monitor the progress of the school on its performance and hold the leadership team to account for this performance.\nWe will ensure that school resources are all allocated appropriately and support the school priorities. By working together we hope that you will share in our ambition.\nChair of Governing Body at Bulwell St Mary\u2019s Primary and Nursery School.", "The EPSRC has commissioned London Economics to carry out an independent study to evidence the socio-economic and research impacts enabled by the HPC resources it funds. The evidence gathered will be used to make a strong case for continued future government investment in HPC.\nEPSRC welcomes the announcement of \u00a379 million funding for the next national supercomputer ARCHER2.\nA \u00a37.2 million EPSRC grant will pay for the first upgrade of the XMaS beamline National Research Facility, run by the Universities of Liverpool and Warwick, and based in Grenoble, France.\nOne thousand new research and business leaders will be created to ensure the UK leads the global revolution in Artificial Intelligence (AI), thanks to a \u00a3100 million investment from UK Research and Innovation.\nDating apps and websites could soon use computing algorithms that 'think' like humans to pinpoint fake profiles designed to con victims out of thousands of pounds.\nThree new \u00a310 million Manufacturing Research Hubs will link major industry players including Tata Steel, Siemens, and Rolls-Royce to world-class research teams.\nPhysicists at the University of Bath have observed a physical effect for the first time 40 years after it was predicted by theory. The research could lead to advancements in chemical manufacturing, miniaturisation and pharmaceuticals.\nOver seventy EPSRC Centres for Doctoral Training have been announced, the Centres will equip the UK with the next generation of doctoral level researchers needed across the breadth of the engineering and physical sciences landscape.\nThe Transforming Construction Network Plus is funded by the Industrial Strategy Challenge Fund to bring together experts from a range of disciplines with industry and policy makers to tackle the most pressing problems in construction, manufacturing, digital and energy to transform the way we build.\nA team of EPSRC - funded researchers at the University of Leeds were featured on the Radio 4 programme \u2018In Business\u2019 last week during a piece about Potholes \u2013 the roads of the future.\nWhat's hot in consumer electronics for 2019?\nEPSRC-funded research supports cutting edge technology showcased in Las Vegas.", "Installation and repair of any project involving sewer access holes, the laying of pipe for storm drains, water and gas lines, irrigation and sewers. Includes connecting sewer collector lines to building drains and the installation of septic tanks, leaching lines, dry wells, and all necessary connections, and related excavation and backfilling.\nFor safety around flammable and combustible liquids, using the latest NFPA 30 is the first priority. Enforceable under OSHA and many state and local regulations, NFPA 30: Flammable and Combustible Liquids Code is the best practice widely used in industry and by insurers. The 2015 edition of the Code includes the latest and most complete criteria you need to protect your facility by ensuring safe storage, handling, and use of flammable and combustible liquids.\nIPT's Pipe Trades Handbook is North America's most popular and widely used reference book. It was revised in 2006 to 534 pages. Used for on-the-job reference as well as numerous training and apprenticeship programs.\nModern Welding is a comprehensive text that has long been the standard for teaching the theory, fundamentals, equipment, and techniques of welding technology. This text provides thorough coverage of common welding and cutting processes, including gas tungsten arc welding, gas metal arc welding, shielded metal arc welding, oxyfuel gas welding and cutting, plasma arc cutting, and resistance welding. The text also includes extensive instruction in welding symbol interpretation, weld testing and inspection, and employment in the welding field.Prepares students for AWS SENSE Level 1\u2014Entry Welder certification.Places strong emphasis on all aspects of safety, including respiratory protection. Is organized so chapters can be assigned sequentially or in a custom order to match course curriculum. Includes a chapter detailing underwater cutting and welding equipment and techniques.", "Up until the 2014 Transfer Entrance Examination, requests for the Application Guidelines and Application Documents were accepted only either through the postal service or in person at the Faculty of Engineering counter. That policy changed in time for the 2015 Transfer Entrance Examination, and the Application Guidelines and Application Documents are available for download from this website.\nPlease note that the pre-existing policy still applies to requests for copies of past transfer entrance examination questions, and requests need to be made through the postal service or in person at the Faculty of Engineering counter.\nPlease download the 2017 Faculty of Engineering, The University of Tokyo, Transfer Student Entrance Guidelines and Application Documents from the following links.\nFaculty of Engineering, The University of Tokyo, Transfer Student Entrance Guidelines For detailed information on qualification documents and the application period please download the Application Guidelines.\nApplication Documents are to be printed single-sided on A4-size printer paper (210mm\u00d7297mm). Since other documentation is also required, please refer to the Application Guidelines, section 4. Application Procedure, (2) Documentation to be Submitted.\nPlease download the Previous Question Request Form from the link below to request previous questions on the 2012-2016 Transfer Entrance Examinations.\n(1) Complete the Previous Question Request Form. (2) Prepare a self-addressed #2-size (240mm\u00d7332mm) rectangular envelope, affix 250 yen in postage. Enclose (1) and (2) in an envelope and send them to the following address. Please write \u201cPrevious Transfer Entrance Examination Question Request\u201d on the envelope.", "I\u2019m kind of in love with this site.\nFascinating post today about the popularity of the sale of stereotypical (and just plain racist) images of blacks. When you read the post, scroll down for some commentary on Mammy figurines, being mass produced in China.\nI was at the store, which sold both antiques and new stuff, just looking around, and I came upon the figurine on the left sitting on a shelf. I was looking at it and thinking how bright the paint was and how well it had been preserved, and that it was odd that an old mammy figurine wouldn\u2019t have any scratches or anything on it. And I picked it up and looked at the bottom\u2026and noticed that it said \u201cmade in China.\u201d I turned around, which is when I saw a big barrel full of these two figurines. Tons of them. And I realized it wasn\u2019t an antique at all; they are currently being mass-produced in China because there is apparently a market for new versions of old racist stuff. I cursed myself for not having a camera phone so I could just take a picture of them, and after considering for a little while, decided to go ahead and buy $5 worth of racist reproductions to use as examples in my classes (no, it did not occur to me to take a picture of them and return them; that just occurred to me right now).\nAnd\u2026 more link love for Sociological Images \u2013 this post on African People As Props for White Femininity.\nI surely thought there was no reason for these to be produced anymore. Guess I was wrong!\nWOW\u2026I cannot believe that these are still be produced and sold. I am absolutely speechless. We clearly have not advanced very far at all.\nGreat post and so true. It\u2019s also hard to believe that there\u2019s a market for them. Why? I guess we all know why. But still\u2026 What is wrong with people? Okay, I know that, too. I know the answers in my head, but I still cannot figure them out.\nThank you for sharing this. The five bucks was worth it. Maybe you could return them. I\u2019d love to hear if they give you any grief about a return.", "You can find out what we are currently recruiting for on the current opportunities page.\nHow long have you been volunteering for the Lake District National Park?\nI started volunteering around nine years ago.\nWhat is your current volunteer role?\nI am a qualified Mountain Leader and provide training and assessment to other volunteers who need hill skills for their roles, such as Archaeology, Walk Leader and Fix the Fells volunteers.\nWhat inspired you to volunteer with us?\nI\u2019m Cumbrian born and bred and believe passionately that we have the best county in the country. There is so much to love here, from landscape and wildlife to a rural culture and history inextricably linked to the land; I wanted a part in looking after it all.\nWhat is your earliest memory of the Lake District?\nBraithwaite was the perfect village to be a kid in the '70s. We had the freedom to run wild, with becks and hills as our playground. Lots of happy memories!\nI enjoy meeting great people, exploring some less walked bits of the park, testing my navigation and mountain skills and witnessing lightbulb moments as others develop their own skills and confidence.\nWhat is your favourite spot in the Lake District and why?\nMy favourite spot is wherever I am/have just been!\nWhich is your favourite Lake or Fell and why?\nEnnerdale Water because it is less visited than many others and has no lakeshore road/traffic. And Haycock Fell because of a memorable camp on the top, with some sheep that fancied stampeding around the tent at random intervals all through the night before disappearing again; I\u2019m pretty sure they were laughing at me.\nTell us an interesting fact or anecdote you would like to share about the Lake District?\nI also volunteer with Kendal Mountain Search and Rescue Team. When out and about, be reassured that there are around 400 volunteer members, including me, of the 12 Mountain Rescue Teams, who are on call 24/7/365 to come to your aid. The busiest year to date was 2010, with 600 callouts for help in the fells!", "Hi, this is a nice and new example of a junk rigged Vertue II.\nThe boat is first launched in 2016. It is strip planked and has a professionel rigg made by boatbuilders and the sailmaker \"Tuchwerkstatt\".\n\u2026i'd buy it immediately, without hesitation \u2013 just as it is!\nI agree it looks brilliant. I wonder if you would share details of the tabernacle and mast construction? Looks very elegant.\nIf you look in Magazine 61, you will find an article by Pete Hill on building a tabernace for the Vertue, Speedwell of Hong Kong.\nThanks, I have seen Pete's article previously. Vertue II's tabernacle appears to be made from alloy rather than wood. I'd be interested in learning what was used and how it was fabricated.\nthe tabernakel is of steel with a surface of zinc. There is one part on deck and another inside the boat below the deck until the keelson. So there is no posibility that water can go inside.The mast is hold by a turnable ring at the upper end and with three latches. Under deck the room between two bulkheads is all around strengthend by fiberglass and epoxid. The fotos are befor installation.\nUwe, That's a great idea to avoid cutting holes in the deck. How thick is the tabernacle steel? Is the mast aluminum? I was unable to open the picture inside but could see pretty good from the thumbnail. Thanks! If you had any close up pictures of the mast base and tabernacle installed I'd love to see those as well. Appreciate your help and ingenuity!\nI am sorry to answer late. Here I have a foto from the first rigging.\nI hope you can see, the mast is aluminium, and the thickness of the steel.\nto all: to a fast sell I am open for offers!", "Alex Chalk the MP for Cheltenham swapped late-night sittings in Parliament for an equally late patrol of the streets of the town on Friday, as he went out with the Cheltenham Street Pastors.\nHe saw what the church-based volunteer scheme members got up to, providing practical care and help to those whose enjoyable night out might have gone a little too far.\n\u201cThis is the second night out for me this week on a wet and windy night,\" he said.\n\"The purpose of my observation was three-fold: to show my support, to interact with people who wouldn\u2019t normally engage with their MP and to get a feel for the impact of our night time economy on residents and on people enjoying their night out.\n\u201cIt was a privilege to accompany the team and observe how much they are appreciated and how much their work is welcomed. Thank you for inviting me.\"\nChair of Cheltenham Street Pastors Nigel Bennett said, \u201cWe welcome the support of our politicians and it is good to know Alex found the tour of the town with us useful.\n\"Street Pastors undergo rigorous training which we share with the local area on a regular twice yearly basis, and work with other local towns on an occasional basis.\n\"We even attract trainees from as far afield as the local Street Pastor initiative in Wrexham.\n\u201cI am delighted the numbers of commissioned pastors grows steadily, we started with 22 and now we have well over 50 pastors available to patrol Cheltenham on a regular basis on Fridays and Saturdays every weekend.\nMore recruits for Cheltenham will be commissioned at the eighth anniversary celebrations on Saturday 9 December 2017 when Bishop of Gloucester Rachel Treweek will address the teams and the new pastors.\nStreet Pastors was started by the Rev Les Isaac in 2003 as a response to growing crime in some London boroughs. Each Street Pastors project is set up by The Ascension Trust and run by a local coordinator with support from the trust, local churches and community groups.", "How to get cheap bus tickets from Fall River to Boston?\nBonanza - Peter Pan Bus offer a total of 5 bus schedules from Fall River to Boston.\nBonanza - Peter Pan Bus tickets are available for USD 16.00.\nTake time and check customers 5 reviews for Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus bus services.\nHow much is bus ticket from Fall River to Boston?\nAs mentioned before, you will find on Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus to Boston low-cost tickets for only USD 16.00.\nThis bus leaves at 05:45 from Fall River bus station or stop at FALL RIVER.\nOn the contrary, the bus leaving at 16:40 have the most expensive ticket to Boston for about USD 20.00.\nHow to get to Boston from Fall River?\nOn average you find 5 daily schedules to Boston from Fall River.\nBonanza - Peter Pan Bus bus lines operate the largest daily fleet to Boston.\nWhere are Fall River and Boston bus stations?\nFor this trip to Boston, you can get on board at FALL RIVER.\nThe first bus time to Boston is at 05:45.\nThe last departure time from Fall River is at 16:40.\nHow far apart is Boston from Fall River?\nThe bus traveling length from Fall River to Boston is around 1h 13m.\nBonanza - Peter Pan Bus schedules advertise it has the fastest transportation from Fall River.\nThe more comfortable, secure and faster way is to get your bus ticket online at Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus website.\nHow to get ticket refund on Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus?\nExplore all available tools and 5 user reviews to best choose between Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus.\nIf you want to purchase bus tickets online, this site will redirect you to the official Bonanza - Peter Pan Bus website.", "We are a company established to meet each client\u2019s needs. We provide proper carpet installation services in Orviston, PA designed to protect your investment. When you hire us we will perform the most appropriate installation method for your carpet.\nThis only means that our company is familiar with any kind of carpet installation method in Orviston, PA. We can assure you that with our flawless customer service tailored to meet your needs, nothing will stand between you and your new carpet.\nWe owe our professional carpet installation services in Orviston, PA to the skills of our team of experts who are fully equipped to install all types of carpet. They have been trained and certified based on the highest standard in the carpet installation industry.\nIf you want to ask for a FREE quote or wish to schedule for our carpet installation services in Orviston, PA, call us now at 888-552-9710!\nWe are fully equipped with the knowledge and experience to accomplish whatever type of carpet installation in Orviston, PA you may need. Our company is always willing to go above and beyond our duty to the customer satisfaction.\nBut how well your carpet will perform has a lot to do with how well it has been installed. This is why equally important to finding the right carpet for your needs is finding the right carpet installation services in Orviston, PA.\nOur professional team knows carpet installation in Orviston, PA like no other and has more than 15 years\u2019 experience. They will take the hard work of installing carpets perfectly for your home. From kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms, lounges living rooms, to hallways, we can help you take the hassles out of the carper installation process.", "BRUCE Parry, a former Royal Marine commando turned adventurer, was responsible for hefty military vehicles before he had even learnt to drive.\nThe son of a major in the Royal Artillery, he was commissioned in the Royal Marines aged 18 and rose to lead a transport unit in the Commando Logistic Regiment.\nParry, 49, grew up in Dorset, one of three children, and attended Wells Cathedral School. Shortly after he joined the Marines, his parents moved to Germany and he was lent the family\u2019s Citro\u00ebn DS Familiale, although he still had only a provisional licence. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t the sexiest of cars,\u201d he says.\nFortunately, they had rescued his worldly belongings before destroying his car.\nParry left the service as a lieutenant, still only 23. He then spent four years in Indonesia leading jungle expeditions. It was only when he returned to Britain that he took his driving test.\nParry then spent time as a location manager and runner in the film industry. He made his first television appearance in 2002, as part of a BBC1 series called Extreme Lives. Then, in 2004, he appeared in the first of three series of Tribe, for BBC2, in which Parry lived with indigenous tribes in some of the remotest parts of the world: hunting, eating the same food, taking part in rituals, learning some of the language.\nAnd Parry does have one cherished gas-guzzler. \u201cSeveral years ago I bought a 50-year-old UAZ 452 Mongolian camper van, which was built for the outback. I paid \u00a33,000 for it and spent \u00a37,000 doing it up. The maximum speed feels like about 40kph, so I prefer driving it at night so I don\u2019t cause a huge tailback.", "The equitation option is provided for students who have an interest in working in general agriculture and first and foremost the horse industry. The equine industry is growing and ever changing. The A.A.S. degree is intended to provide basic, practical, and theoretical grounds from which they can choose a field in the industry. Students work with young horses to acquire knowledge and skills in horsemanship, training, safe horse handling, and husbandry. Furthermore, a background in general agriculture is added to make for a very well rounded individual in knowledge that is important in livestock, feeds, range condition, business and marketing. The program is also designed for students who plan to pursue an advanced university degree in the field.\nStudents will build a strong knowledge base in the field of Agriculture/Equine Science and practical skilled-based exposure in its related industries (Animal Sciences, Equine Sciences, Range and Soil Sciences, Business and Marketing).\nThe course of study in Animal Science: Equitation Option will give the student the opportunity to demonstrate knowledge, skills, attitudes, and practical experiences for entry-level employment or self-employment in the equine and agricultural industry segments.\nServe those students seeking a career in Equine Studies and Agriculture and/or planning to pursue an education beyond the associate\u2019s level.\nExpose students to courses in computation, communications, and human relations, and will assist students in developing an understanding and appreciation for diversity, social responsibility and the participation in public affairs.\nProvide students with opportunities for practical experience in the Agriculture/Equine Industry via internships, fieldwork, and skills-based course offerings.\nAssist students in the development of critical thinking and problem-solving skills, and the ability to conceptualize ideas.\nServe those students seeking a career as an Equine Professional by providing in-depth and practical skills-based exposure to the equine training and sciences component of Agriculture.", "Muscle and tendon strains, joint sprains and wounds are common injuries in equine athletes. Equine tissue like human tissue is highly vulnerable to repetitive stress and can be career limiting for the athlete if not treated properly the first time. Equine veterinarians across North America have discovered a medical technology that heals injuries on a cellular level safely and effectively without any discomfort to the animal. This new medical technology is known as the Theralase line of therapeutic medical laser systems.\nThe Theralase superpulsed laser system can penetrate up to 4 inches into tissue through all the hair and skin of an equine athlete to promote cellular regeneration at the source of the injury. Laser energy helps to repair damaged cells by accelerating several of the body\u2019s natural healing mechanisms. Depending on the severity of the injury, the equine athlete can return to competition usually within a few weeks instead of many months of stall rest. This means that your equine athlete can be back to competing in a fraction of the time.\nEveryone benefits from the Theralase laser system; as your equine athlete gets better, he/she will be able to return to training and eventually racing. The impact of using Theralase on your injured equine athlete is remarkable. By utilizing the Theralase super-pulsed cold laser technology for neuromuscular skeletal conditions, you will notice an immediate improvement in the health of your equine athlete to get him/her back on the track, so that you see your investment running again.\nThe Theralase superpulsed laser has over 17 clinically proven pre-programmed treatments for equine applications.\nSome medical conditions that we have seen successfully treated in the field through the use of Theralase technology are shown on the diagram on the right.\nLow level laser treatment of equine injuries dramatically reduces recovery time. A comparison of recovery times using laser versus conventional therapy for several common conditions is illustrated in the diagram on the far right.", "The year 2012 was a dark year for the human race, for it was in that year that World War III began. Weapons of mass destruction laid waste to the planet and devastated Earth's population. Yet with resilience and determination, civilization managed to survive through the development of new and deadly technologies and bioweaponry. By 2019 one particularly powerful faction of mankind created a potent nano-virus designed to eliminate all of their rivals. It had been engineered to target a particular genotype and obliterate everyone carrying it. Initially the virus seemed to be working perfectly - but it soon became clear something terrible was happening. Within twenty-four hours the population of the Earth dropped below one hundred million. Most of those who contracted the virus died quickly. Others suffered a slow and painful death. And some of them... were transformed by the nanomachines into mindless, bloodthirsty fiends with only one desire - to kill. It was in this dark hour that mankind's ancient and terrible parasite emerged from the shadows to save them. Vampires, with an insatiable thirst for human blood, united in what was the first and last co-operative effort of their kind to eliminate the army of viral mutants. With mankind weakened and on the brink of extinction, the vampires' ascension to power was fast and painless, and they organized a series of zones which later developed into cities. Here, people could live in relative peace, but beyond the barriers of these cities were vast and barren wastelands - filled with monsters and nightmares, a place where only lunatics ventured in search of forgotten lore. But who said you're not a madman? You can't be wholly compos mentis if all you drink is blood, breakfast, lunch and supper. Become one of the Lords of the New World - a superhuman beast fighting for dominance in a city unlike anything the world has ever seen - The City.\nReturn to World's End War.", "Each white-to-off-white, round, biconvex, film-coated tablet with one-sided score notch contains mg of ranitidine HCl (equivalent to mg of ranitidine How does this medication - What form(s) does this - How should I use this. The dosage of Ranitidine Sandoz depends on the condition it is being used to treat. The usual adult dosage range is mg to mg per day, taken as one. Ranitidine, Oral Tablet. Ranitidine oral tablet is available as both a generic and brand-name drug. Ranitidine oral tablet is used to treat intestinal and stomach ulcers, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and conditions where your stomach makes too much acid, including a rare About - Interactions - Dosage - Take as directed.\nRanitidine Sandoz Injection 50 mg/5 mL (Concentrate for injection) - Consumer Medicines Information leaflets of prescription and over-the-counter medicines. Sandoz Ranitidine mg tablet. This medication reduces the production of stomach acid. Typically, it is used for the prevention or treatment of ulcersfor. Ranitidine Sandoz effervescent , mg effervescent tablets. Ranitidine. Read all of this leaflet carefully before you start taking this medicine because it.\nRanitidine is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine at the histamine .. Ranitidine - Tablets, USP - mg - Rx only - 60 Tablets - SANDOZ . Ranitidine Sandoz mg Tablets IMPORTANT NOTE \u2013 A VALID AUSTRALIAN PRESCRIPTION IS REQUIRED BEFORE THIS ITEM CAN BE SHIPPED. RANITIDINE MG TABLET. Generic Name: RANITIDINE HCL. Strength: SANDOZ RANITIDINE MG TAB \u00b7 ACT RANITIDINE MG TABLET.", "Historical masonry foundation restoration is a specialized skill set that we are proud to offer at South Jersey Waterproofing. While others claim to restore and preserve, we are specially trained to go above and beyond for historic homes, ensuring that the integrity is preserved and preventing water intrusion into basements and crawl spaces.\nIf you are the owner of a historical home, here is what you should know to be informed on restoration efforts of your masonry.\nThere is a synergy between mortar and stone or brick; failing to know about this interaction could cause issues with a foundation that has lasted for hundreds of years. There are lime-based mortars and Portland cement-based mortars and the two have very different properties. Lime mortars are very soft and allow for water and moisture to easily evaporate. The mortar that is made of Portland cement is very hard and is very slow to allow water or moisture to evaporate. Older brick or stone is best paired with lime mortars, as they themselves are soft and porous. Portland cement used on brick or stone will hamper evaporation that is necessary for the integrity of the foundation.\nRemoving paint or other finishes that has been applied to a historical masonry foundation is one of the most common restoration procedures. Sandblasting can damage the materials and so can high-pressure water washing. Careful research should be done on the masonry and mortar used in the foundation so that the best removal technique can be determined.\nSloppy mortar, over-ground joints, color washing and surface treatments applied by previous owners of your historical home can make the appearance of the brick or stone work less than desirable. Brick or stone repair work done poorly can destroy a historical home.\nIf you are unsure how to repair a foundation issue, need help with mold remediation or need historical masonry foundation restoration, look to the leaders at South Jersey Waterproofing to answer all your questions and provide you with the best service in the area. Contact us today.", "Dave Gannon / Digital Strategist / Social Media / Photographer: Hadley botulism update: Things are looking up!\nHadley botulism update: Things are looking up!\nWe are still in the hospital.\nBut the good news is that Hadley is improving everyday.\nWe are still hoping that she will gain enough muscle strength to be able to breathe on her own so that the respirator tube can come out. They have told us for the past few days that there IS a possibility that it could come out tomorrow, but that day comes and she is not quite there yet. Today she was taken off the respirator for an hour to see how well she could breathe on her own and she did very well. They will test again tomorrow and give us an update.\nWe have seen major strides in her movements in her arms and legs as well as, in her expressions - she actually laughed (as much as you can with a darn tube down your throat) with cheeks all aglow and bright eyes!\nShe pooped on her own last night...a bunch....which made the nurses and docs very happy.\nHer grip is also getting better. Even an improvement from this morning. Tonight she had quite a strong grip.\nHer Nana Judy arrived today so she is very happy to see her, as are her parents. It is a good change to have some backup help and just another family member here.\nChristy has not left the hospital since we arrived but I HAVE managed to get her outside to walk around the complex for some fresh air.\nSo all in all we are pleased with our daughter's progress but of course, just want her off the respirator and HOME WITH US!\nKeep Hadley in your prayers and positive thoughts and I will keep you updated.\nHadley, you and Christy have not left my thoughts for one second. I am sending you all my most positive thoughts and prayers for strength, healing, and love, love, love!\nI talked to Jinnie last weekend and she mentioned Hadley and I've been thinking about her every day since then! I am so glad to know she is okay! Give my love to Hadley, and to you guys!!!! I'll be sending positive vibes, love, and prayers!", "#athgond Checkxp: waitrt? fput \"exp athletics\" match \"Done\", \"(31/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(32/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(33/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(34/34)\" match \"Start\", \"Overall state of mind:\" matchwait Start: fput \"play bolero on my zills\" waitrt? #goto Xalas custom_require.call(%w(common common-travel)) DRCT.walk_to('12839') #goto gondola custom_require.call(%w(common common-travel)) DRCT.walk_to('13558') #goto forest clearing safe room custom_require.call(%w(common common-travel)) DRCT.walk_to('2855') waitrt? fput \"exp athletics\" match \"Done\", \"(31/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(32/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(33/34)\" match \"Done\", \"(34/34)\" match \"Collect\", \"Overall state of mind:\" matchwait Collect: waitrt? fput \"stop play\" waitrt? fput \"collect rock\" pause 15 waitrt? fput \"kick pile\" fput \"collect rock\" pause 15 waitrt? fput \"kick pile\" fput \"collect rock\" pause 15 waitrt? fput \"kick pile\" fput \"collect rock\" pause 15 waitrt? fput \"kick pile\" goto \"Checkxp\" Done: echo \"* * * DONE WITH UNDER GONDOLA ATHLETICS * * *\"", "Welcome to the Unexpected Blog! Here we want to share with you secrets, stories and facts about what makes London one of the greatest cities in the world. Culture, music, nature and wellbeing to help you have a more active lifestyle in London just by enjoying it more. Exercise tips, London stories, music anecdotes, secret spots: London is the world in a city and you never stop exploring it.\nPlease Comment, Like and Share if you enjoy what you read!\nPrestigious Blue Plaque assigned today to Bob Marley's house in Chelsea.\nBob Marley\u2019s Chelsea House to receive Blue Plaque from English Heritage.\nOne of the biggest Christmas hits of all times started in an old church converted into one of the most famous recording studios in Notting Hill. Check out how it all came about!\nFrom 15th to 26th January don\u2019t miss out on this impressive lights festival in Canary Wharf featuring some of the most creative and established artists from all around the world.\nRaise your hand if you've ever set a crazy-ambitious New Year's resolution only to lose sight of it around February or so. Don\u2019t repeat the same mistake this year. Here are our top three tips to get active in 2019 without realizing!\nHow do you walk? Walking is one of those actions that most of us take for granted, without realizing that the way we walk affects our whole body, from our posture, to our coordination to both our upper and lower body. Walking can also be a ver effective exercise, if done correctly. Let\u2019s see what benefits walking (and especially power walking) can bring to your whole wellbeing.\nJIMY HENDRIX CHANGED THE LONDON MUSIC SCENE, FOREVER.\nLondon is a very challenging city that can leave us very little free time. But what shall we do? Passively accept this and continue living between home and office with very little time for ourselves? Or shall we start doing something about it and maximize on the little free time we have to enjoy ourselves? Discover how lunch breaks can really help facing work related stress and give you a mini-vacation feeling during an hectic day in the office.", "Give us the details we need and we'll come back to you with a quotation for the work.\nApproved dealers for GAH, Hubbard and Zanotti. We provide genuine spares and repair for Thermo King, Carrier, Kerstner, Diavia and Alex Original among many others.\nOur technicians are fully qualified to the latest industry standards. We are registered with Refcom and with the Institute of Refrigeration.\nRepairs or servicing on all makes and models of refrigerated vans. Well stocked vans for mobile assistance or repairs at our fully equipped workshop in North Essex.\nMaintain and repair cold rooms, walk in chillers and display cabinets. We carry out calibrations to UKAS standards and provide certificates for local food standard authorities.\nFitting of commercial vans for refrigerated conversions with a variety of chiller and freezer units for the carriage of food.\nApproved dealers for Hubbard and Zanotti and approved service provider for GAH. We provide genuine spares and repair for Thermo King, Carrier, Kerstner, Diavia and Alex Original among many others.\nRepairs and servicing on all makes and models of refrigerated vans. Well stocked vans for mobile assistance or repairs at our fully equipped workshop in North Essex.\nOur technicians are fully qualified to the latest industry standards,. We are registered with Refcom and with the IOR.\nWe provide safe collection and disposal of waste refrigeration products. Refrigerants pose a threat to the environment if not disposed of safely.\nIs your vehicle refrigeration in need of a service or repair?\nComplete our contact form, letting us know which service you require and providing us with the details we'll need for your quote. We will come back to you as quickly as we can.", "When it comes to mattresses, size matters. The right mattress size offers enough space for sleeping comfortably without feeling restricted or constrained.\nHow Many People Will Sleep on It? The number of people intending to sleep on the mattress ranks among the primary issues shoppers must consider, as couples obviously need a larger mattress size than solo sleepers.\nHeight & Weight of Sleepers Personal stature plays a major role in deciding which mattress to choose, as well. Smaller mattresses generally prove suitable for young children and teenagers, while fully grown adults typically require more expansive mattress sizes.\nWhat Size Room? In addition to considering the number and size of people planning to use the mattress, shoppers must select a mattress size appropriate for the space allotted.\nFortunately, Furniture.com offers all the most popular mattress sizes in a variety of comfortable styles.\nCrib - The smallest mattress size available, crib mattresses perfectly accommodate newborn babies and infants.\nTwin - Twin mattresses represent the next step up from the crib mattress size and make ideal selections for growing children as well as young adults residing in dormitories or other small living spaces. Twins are also popular for day beds.\nFull - Another popular choice for older children and young adults, a full size mattress is the same length as a twin mattress but offers a wider surface area. Despite offering more space than the twin mattress size, full mattresses remain most suitable for people sleeping individually rather than as part of a couple.\nQueen - Queen mattresses rank as the best mattress size for the majority of shoppers in the market for a new bed and boast enough room for couples and single sleepers alike.\nKing - A king size mattress features increased mattress measurements to serve as the largest standard option available and provides maximum sleeping space for customers with big enough bedrooms.\nExpanded king, sometimes called California king, are available from some mattress manufacturers. Manufacturers have experimented with other sizes such as Olympic queen, but they are no longer produced.", "As well as being in the military, why not do as Colonel Quadaffi did 40 odd years ago? What's not to like about a military coup right now?!\nHe did OK, back then!\nOn Easter Sunday too OR! You subversive you.\nIf he IS going to do it, may I suggest gently that he close off all ports and airports PDQ to stop the guilty parties making good their escape? I have realised, suddenly, just how much I would like to see Bliar, McSnot, Mandelbum, Camclegg et al in the dock, heavily chained and rather bruised.\nOh please leave poor old Wills & Kate alone, this should be a patriotic day even if you aren't royalist - billions (yes, billions according to the Independent) will be watching this BRITISH event. Be proud as the monarchy does what it does best, and that is raise the UK profile for heart warming reasons - like love.\nDean, I thought my post quite patriotic!\nIf he did it'd just be another item on the increasing list of things that make me feel I can't go back. He's seems a nice enough kid and while I object to anyone being 'my' king I don't hold it against him personally, but you do know he's picked up some of his old man's wingnuttery, don't you? A coup under William and influenced by Chuckles may be of the hemp shirt wearing, nuclear free, organically farmed, low carbon, composting toilet variety. Thanks, I'll pass.\nAE, it was tongue in cheek!\nAh. Ooops. My irony detector must have been on the blink. Sorry.", "Patients of Dr. Mellas should know we offer Sedation Dentistry, also called \u201cSleep Dentistry,\u201d which includes IV sedation as a part of their surgical treatment plan. Sedation dentistry enables patients who may have a low pain threshold, very sensitive teeth, a gag reflex, or moderate-to-severe anxiety, the ability to undergo more advanced procedures for teeth and gum health. As a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology and Dental Implant Surgery, Dr. Mellas has advanced training in the surgical placement of dental implants and has achieved advanced certification in IV sedation, and can therefore administer the IV sedation himself.\nSedation dentistry, sometimes called \u201cSleep Dentistry,\u201d is a safe, gentle option used to help patients relax while they are having dental treatment. Medication will be used but you usually remain awake and comfortable, unless you opt for a general anesthetic which will make you sleep.\nMinimal inhaled sedation involves you breathing \u2018laughing gas\u2019 (nitrous oxide) mixed with oxygen via a mask. You will feel relaxed throughout the procedure and as this is not a heavy sedative, you can drive afterwards.\nOral sedation involves taking one or more medications at our office within an hour of the scheduled procedure to produce a calm, drowsy effect. Many of our patients feel so comfortable that they fall into a light sleep during the dental treatment and leave our office feeling refreshed.\nIV Sedation (or Intravenous Sedation) involves administering sedation medication through a special drip into a vein in the arm or hand. IV sedation is safe, effective, and best of all works quickly. It is often called \u201cSleep Dentistry\u201d because it puts you into a very relaxed and dreamlike state. You feel almost no pain, but at the same time, you are able to respond if your dentist asks you questions during the procedure.\nAs well as being sedated, Dr. Mellas will still apply a local anesthetic into your gum so that you will not feel any pain while he works on your teeth.", "Mohammed founded HMI Technologies with his brother Ahmed in 1999. The business has become one of Asia-Pacific's most innovative intelligent transport systems and autonomous vehicle businesses. Mohammed has strived to ensure the business has developed a solid reputation and all products exceed required standards. A suite of business awards, as well as national and international standards achievements, verifies the company\u2019s commitment to quality and standards.\nMohammed is recognised as a leader by industry peers, appointed as President of Intelligent Transport Systems New Zealand 2015-2017. Nationally, he has been appointed by the Ministry of Transport to the ITS Leadership Group. Internationally, Mohammed sits on the ITS World Congress Board of Directors and ITS Asia Pacific Board of Directors (Chaired the Board 2013-2015). He is also the Head of the New Zealand Delegation to the ISO TC204 international standards committee.\nDean Zabrieszach leads HMI Technologies, which is dedicated to the provision of world leading intelligent transport systems to a range of clients including transport agencies, governments and commercial entities. Prior to becoming CEO for HMI Technologies globally, Dean led HMI Technologies in Australia from 2015 through to 2017, successfully establishing HMI Technologies as a challenger, securing major projects for the company and expanding operations to open offices in three states. Dean will continue to lead HMI Technologies, as it forges a growing global reputation for innovative solutions that help transport agencies achieve objectives of developing cost effective, safe, and efficient transport networks.\nDean's career has seen him hold several senior roles at VicRoads, the Victorian State Government\u2019s Road Authority, including Manager Intelligent Transport Systems, Director Road User Services and Director Road Operations. Dean holds a BE (Civil) from the University of Melbourne.", "Vadose Zone Journal (2012) 11 (3): vzj2011.0131.\nWaste disposal into seepage basins has generated groundwater contaminant plumes at many locations. At the F Area within the Savannah River Site, Pu was extracted from depleted U from 1955 to 1988, with wastewater discharged into seepage basins. Basin 3 was the largest F-Area seepage basin, receiving acidic wastewater containing radionuclides (including 3H, 129I, and multiple isotopes of U, Pu, Sr, and Cs), elevated NO3, and some metals. Contaminants transported into the groundwater migrate toward Fourmile Branch, a tributary to the Savannah River. We developed a two-compartment model and used 20 yr of groundwater quality data to estimate the post-closure drainage of waste solutions through its vadose zone into the aquifer. Tritium, NO3\u2212, and specific conductance were used as tracers in the model to estimate drainage rates. Our calculations indicate that early stages of post-closure waste drainage occurred with high water fluxes (~0.5 m yr\u22121) and quickly declined. Even 20 yr after basin closure, however, drainage continues at several centimeters per year. While the magnitude of this late-stage drainage rate is low, its impact is large because of the high concentrations of contaminants it continues to supply to the groundwater. These estimated drainage fluxes constrain predictions on the waste plume behavior, especially with respect to its trailing gradient and time scales suitable for monitored natural attenuation. Our methodology requires only groundwater monitoring data and a small number of well-constrained input quantities. This approach can be useful for understanding contaminant dissipation at other locations as well, especially where the hydrogeological setting is relatively simple.\nN33\u00b004'60\" - N33\u00b025'00\", W81\u00b049'60\" - W81\u00b025'00\"", "With the ending off Toronto International Film Festival, and all the fun celebrity parties that have taken place, I thought I would show you my top gifts from this year's celebrity swag bags.\nL\u2019extrait From The Peoni Line ($225 CAD)- Is an amazing mix of peony extract, green tea leaves, liquorice root, a rubiginosa and Kakadu plums to protect the skin and fight wrinkles. You only need a single drop a night to start seeing results, and this product is approved by Oprah, and Michelle Obama.\nMcGregor Socks ($8-$22 CAD) are the type of socks that are so soft, that you never want to take them off. I was so excited to get these in my bag because they have the cutest stripy maple leaf design on them. Trust me, these will become your top choices as well once you try them.\nThe new Gucci Bloom perfume($154 CAD) was my favourite scent from this years bags. It has notes of natural tuberose and Jasmine which creates a feminine and light floral scent against your skin. Every time I've worn this perfume, I have received a compliment on it....Im not even kidding.\nThe Perth Soap Co ($10 CAD). has created nothing short of the ultimate luxury soap bars available on the market. They come in a large variety of beautifully crafted scents, and are extremely moisturizing on the skin, making them one of the best products from this years bags.\nFinally one of my favourite makeup gifts from this year has to be the Stila Heaven's Hue Highlighter ($42 CAD). This product is incredible on the skin, and has the texture of putty, the novelty of which, still hasn't worn out on me. I honestly was not expecting to fall in love as much as I did with this highlighter, and I completely understand the buzz behind it.", "According to our records, Rehab & Health Care Center provides Nursing Care to seniors in Graham, NC. This senior care facility is located at 779 Woody Dr. You can find out where Graham is located with the map of Graham, NC below. Look for the red pin, and see other nearby communtiies that are marked with yellow pins when they are available. Other than these facts, we can't really say much about this care provider, but we can tell you more about the types of senior care that Rehab & Health Care Center is said to provide.\nNursing Care : Nursing Homes are a type of senior housing that typically offer a wide range of healthcare services, including the services of on-site doctors and other medical professionals, as well as traditional senior housing services like meal service, personal assistive care, housekeeping and more. Check with Rehab & Health Care Center to find out what services they provide.\nDo you represent this community? If you represent Rehab & Health Care Center, learn about how you can add photos and customize this page by advertising with SeniorHousingNet.\nSeniorHousingNet.com provides all the available details for facilities or services that Rehab & Health Care Center provides at 779 Woody Dr, Graham, NC, 27253. Rehab & Health Care Center provides Nursing Care for seniors in Graham, NC. We invite you to contact Rehab & Health Care Center for specific questions. However, for a quick overview, explore the above community details like amenities and room features to get a sense of what services and activities are available. After you browse the community photos, read the latest articles related to senior living. Search SeniorHousingNet.com for additional senior housing options near 779 Woody Dr.", "Since her arrival to Spain to join the IFX Spain Pro Year (soccer program in Barcelona), Sydney Kay Weiss (19) a native of Paradise Valley, Arizona trialed with different clubs in Catalonia, signing in the end with CE J\u00fapiter where she will play for the 2018-19 season. The signing came after a few weeks of soccer trials with the well known Catalonian football club in Barcelona. While on trial Sydney held nothing back even suffering from a slight injury that left left her off the field for several days. The Catalonian club\u2019s managers offered Sydney a spot to compete with this traditional football team from Barcelona who has their h0pes set on promotion into the next higher division next season.\nBarcelona, Spain. The talented IFX player in Spain Eli Goldman (19) needed just 37 minutes to score a goal in the Penya Barcelonista Anguera match against Cerro Club Deportivo from the competitive Tercera Divisi\u00f3n Catalana\u2019s 11th fixture. After two good practices last week, the Penya Anguera coach, David Garrido, decided to put Eli in starting eleven as center-forward, to be definitive on the pitch and to create the combination that ended with the triumph over Cerro Club Deportivo 0:5.\nIFX Fall exchange program participants in Spain continue to have people talking. We are pleased to announce that the former soccer player of the Colorado Rapids 99 Select team, Jackson West Smink (18) a native from Denver, Colorado has been signed by Catalonian club Levante Las Planas to play in the first team during his stay in Barcelona as part of the Pro IFX Spain program. Jackson came to Spain alongside IFX Soccer develop as a soccer player bearing in mind that he will be attending Georgetown University in the fall of 2019 and he will definitely be playing soccer there. He is also very focused on learning the Spanish language and culture.", "As I wrote about seasonal pleasures last month, I heard a voice in my head saying, \u201cThis isn\u2019t important. In light of what the world is going through right now, this sounds trivial\u2026a silly distraction from all of the problems that we collectively face. How dare you write about this?\u201d It is easy to feel as though we are not entitled to moments of joy when there is so much that is going wrong, so much that needs fixing, so much suffering all around us. But perhaps we need simple pleasures more than ever right now, perhaps finding joy in the everyday becomes a spiritual practice in and of itself. Yes, there is suffering here. But there is also goodness. And we can, we must, hold them both at the same time. If we wait to take joy in the world once things improve, once we feel entitled to it, that opportunity may never come. Why? Because, in the words of Krista Tippett, \u201cwe can\u2019t call forth in the world something we don\u2019t embody.\u201d We practice joy in small, simple ways in our daily lives as a call to ourselves and others to move in the direction of that which we want more of in the world.\nGood things come from this practice. We may feel as though we are filling a well of energy that lies deep within our being. We may feel more grounded. We may feel a renewed sense of hope and possibility. We may remember what is so precious to us about being a human on this planet in the first place. This is an act of radical self-care, to be sure, but it goes beyond that. It is the recognition of something sacred, a connection to something ancient and universal, and it is deeply nourishing on a soul level.\nFrom this place of deep nourishment and connection, we become more capable, compassionate humans. We are more able to be of service to others. Our well is full and we can see clearly, both the suffering and pain AND the hope and possibility. You are more than entitled to joy. You are doing us a great service when you find and celebrate it. Let us first embody that which we want to call forth.\nThis is so needed right now! Thank you!", "St. John\u2019s University is a Catholic and Vincentian university three campuses in New York City; an academic center in Oakdale, New York, US; and international campuses in Rome in Italy, and Paris in France. St. John\u2019s offers over 100 associate, undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in the arts, business, education, law, pharmacy, the sciences, as well as specialised professional programs.\nSt. John's University was founded when in 1865, the first Roman Catholic Bishop of Brooklyn, Rev. John Loughlin requested the Vincentian Fathers to establish a College for the youth of the city. This request came to fruition five years later, when the college locate at Lewis Avenue in Brooklyn opened its doors to 47 students and six faculty members in 1870. Under the New York State charter the college was granted university status in 1906.\nOver the years the University has expanded to include the School of Pedagogy (1908); School of Law (1925); the School of Accounting, Commerce, and Finance (1927); and School of Pharmacy (1929); the university also expanded in terms of campuses, opening a Queens campus; Staten Island campus; and campuses in Rome, Italy and Paris, France. Today St. John\u2019s University serves over 24,000 students through its four colleges: College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences; College of Professional Studies; St. John\u2019s College of Liberal Arts and Sciences; The Peter J. Tobin College of Business; and The School of Education in six locations; Queens, Staten Island, Manhattan, and Oakdale, in New York; Rome, Italy; and Paris, France.\nSt. John\u2019s University students have interned at organisations ranging from Madison Square Garden to the US Secret Service, Estee Lauder, Morgan Stanley, MTV, New York Mets, SONY and Time Inc.", "If you are interested in becoming a preceptor for Midwestern University's Arizona College of Optometry students, please fill out this application and forward as indicated. Within a few days of your submission, you will be contacted by our Assistant Director of Rotations.\nBeing a preceptor to the future of the Optometric profession has many personal and professional benefits. Aside from giving back to the profession, preceptors have the opportunity to mentor students through clinical experiences unique to their site. These clinical experiences enhance the knowledge and skill level of our fourth year students offering them the opportunity to become confident, capable clinicians in the field.\nProof of liability insurance and documentation of no adverse actions against licensure of the primary and secondary faculty are mandatory.\nWhat qualities do we look for in our preceptors?\nSimply fill out the application. Upon receipt and review, we will get in touch with you.\nThe Arizona College of Optometry awards the degree, Doctor of Optometry, upon successful completion of the four-year professional program. Each year of the didactic curriculum students gain knowledge and skills appropriate for successful progression in the program. The first year emphasizes ocular anatomy, physiology, geometric optics and basic sciences. Upon completion of their first year students are introduced to ocular disease, ophthalmic optics, contact lens, and visual sciences in their second year. The third year of our optometric education is divided between didactic courses and clinical experience. In this year student knowledge is broadened with a curriculum that includes specialty services such as binocular vision, strabismus, low vision, and neuro ophthalmic disease. The clinical component of the third year takes students from simulation in our state of the art laboratories to real patient encounters in our own Midwestern University Eye Institute. The fourth year, supported by our preceptors, merges all clinical aspects and didactic knowledge through on and off campus external rotations. It is here where students skills are enhanced in the field by supportive, caring clinicians sharing their unique experience and wisdom. Clinical settings for external rotations may include military facilities, veteran administration hospitals, public health service hospitals, and specialty and/or private practices.\nView our course descriptions here.", "Published 04/22/2019 11:03:40 am at 04/22/2019 11:03:40 am in Home Depot Instant Canopy.\nhome depot instant canopy canopy canopy design tents tent amazing new natural cool classy first up canopy design tents tent amazing new natural cool classy first up x gazebo home depot.\nhome depot easy up canopy instant tent straight leg shade tech party home depot easy up canopy instant tent straight leg shade tech party tents pop quest ,quik shade popup tents tailgating the home depot ex , popup tents tailgating the home depot tuff , coleman canopy tent instant tent replacement parts coleman canopy coleman canopy tent instant tent replacement parts coleman canopy tent home depot coleman canopy tent replacement parts, pop up canopy home depot pop up canopy x canopy tent canopy x pop up canopy home depot pop up canopy home depot home depot shade tech ft x pop up canopy home depot , popup shade canopy pop up beach tent sun shelter person portable popup , home depot canopy house new pictures decor gazebo replacement covers canopy s home depot canada, coleman x led lighted straight leg instant canopygazebo coleman x led lighted straight leg instant canopygazebo, coleman canopy for instant canopies goodies link coleman canopy x canopy tents canopy design up canopy tent pop up canopy home depot up , pop up canopy pink pop up canopy tent sports outdoors in ca x , canopy tent home depot instant patio canopy in black fanperksco canopy tent home depot instant patio canopy in black.", "OpenShot \u5f71\u7247\u7de8\u8f2f\u5668 | OpenShot Does the Tango!\nWritten by Jonathan on 2009\u5e7410\u670820\u65e5 .\nToday we are releasing our 2nd theme for OpenShot (version 0.9.52), in the spirit of the Tango-style. It was contributed by our friend, jEsuSdA 8)! Great job! The 3 screen-shots in this post were taken from jEsuSdA 8)'s website. I know there are some people who were not crazy about our default glassy blue interface, so I hope they enjoy this one.\nSo, I know what you are thinking. \"Great... a new theme. But how do I switch my theme to this new one. Since it's Linux-based, I bet I have to type some commands in the terminal, right?\" Not at all.\nOh yeah, did I mention we now have a preferences window? Well, thanks to Andy we now have a very functional preferences screen. Take a look at the first few options we added. They are all highly requested features, so we hope everyone enjoys them!\nOne final note to everyone. We've updated the 7 most downloaded language packs, and now they are included in our default DEB installer. In no particular order, they are Spanish, Dutch, French, German, Portuguese, Swedish, and Italian. However, if you want to add your own language, just download the .MO file for your language from LaunchPad, and put it in the /openshot/locale/ folder.\nUPDATE: To get version 0.9.52 of OpenShot, you must use the .DEB installers or the Build Wizard. Our PPA is being fixed at the moment, and is not being updated until we can resolve some of the dependency conflicts with VLC.", "I keep in mind being at a health care provider\u2019s office with a broken wrist and the physician telling me my wrist wasn\u2019t damaged. State organ personnel charged with the responsibility of rescuing kidnapped or kidnapped girls and kids, who fail to behave on the request of the kidnapped or kidnapped girls or kids or members of their household or at info acquired from members of the general public, leading to severe penalties, shall be punished with imprisonment or legal detention of less than 5 years.\nWork personnel of state organs in control of environmental safety and supervision, whose critical irresponsibility has resulted in serious consequences, including extreme environmental air pollution that causes critical damages to private and non-private property or human casualties, shall be punished with imprisonment or felony detention of less than three years.\nWhen school buildings or educational and instructing amenities are clearly recognized to be dangerous but measures usually are not taken or reviews usually are not made in a timely trend, thereby giving rise to a significant accident, those who are immediately accountable are to be sentenced to no more than three years of mounted-time period imprisonment or prison detention; when the implications are significantly severe, the sentence is to be not less than three years and not more than seven years of fastened-term imprisonment.\nOne such choice is that of the Court of Appeals in People v Johnson (_ NY3d _ , 2016 NY Slip Op 02552 4/5/16), in which the Court rejected a defendant\u2019s claim that the People\u2019s use at his legal trial of excerpts from certain recorded phone calls defendant made to family and associates throughout his detention at Rikers Island Correctional Facility violated his right to counsel and have been used with out proper consent.\nIs The Constitution \u201cWhat The Judges Say It Is\u201d?", "36 Vanity With Top The Most Hot Deals 25 Off Bathroom Sonoma In White And 2. 36 Vanity With Top Encourage Excellent Inch Home Depot Bathroom And Also 3. 36 Vanity With Top Inviting Modern Inch Bathroom Vanities Tops Within Manhattan For 4. 36 Vanity With Top Interesting Wonderful Bathroom Sink Furniture Pure White As Well 5. 36 Vanity With Top Motivate Bathroom White Inch Cream Without Pertaining To 6. 36 Vanity With Top Dream Imposing Marble White Along 7. 36 Vanity With Top Desire Obruhuusch Com And Also 8. 36 Vanity With Top Fantasy Inch Vanities Bathroom Bath The Home Depot And Also 9. 36 Vanity With Top Stunning Inch Bathroom Wallowaoregon Fabulous Ideas Inside Intended For 10. 36 Vanity With Top Invigorate Awesome Inch Bathroom Vanities Tops Throughout Amusing And 11. 36 Vanity With Top The Most Art Bathe Jackie Cherry Bathroom Solid Hardwood Intended For 12. 36 Vanity With Top Really Encourage Cheap Bathroom 28 Images Inch Regarding 13. 36 Vanity With Top Interesting Native Trails VNT360 3U Natural Stone Inch Crema And Also 14. 36 Vanity With Top Lovely The Stylish And Beautiful Granite Regard To 15. 36 Vanity With Top Awesome Dark Teak Inch Bathroom White Carrera Marble For 16. 36 Vanity With Top Encourage Bellaterra Home Ceramic Single Bathroom Reviews 17. 36 Vanity With Top Household Vanities Inch In W X D Single Bath Dove 18. 36 Vanity With Top Comfy Inch Vanities Bathroom Bath The Home Depot Intended For 19.", "Britain has come out top for tech in Europe, a recent report found.\nAccording to tech investment bank GP Bullhound, the UK is leading the in tech industry, housing 18 out of a total 47 companies valued at $1bn.\n18 tech businesses founded in the UK, including Asos, Transferwise and Zoopla \u2013 alongside new entries such as AR firm Blippar \u2013 reached billion-dollar status.\nSweden took second place with seven firms, while Germany and France followed with six and three.\nUnofficially termed \u2018unicorns\u2019 due to their apparent rareness, the number of tech companies with such high value has risen in Europe in recent years.\nThe total has increased by 10 in the past year, and now the combined value of the companies across the continent has risen to $130bn \u2013 equivalent to \u00a390bn.\nGP Bullhound saw that the average European \u2018unicorn\u2019 has a reported revenue of $315m, with its total valued 18 times higher than this.\nIn America, average revenue is $129m and 46 times respectively.\nAccording to the report, Spotify is now the most valuable company in Europe, being recently estimated at $8.5bn.\nDespite these favourable statistics, almost half of these European big-hitters \u2013 including Spotify \u2013 are still technically unprofitable.\nGP Bullhound highlighted the potential for other European tech companies to reach unicorn status in the near future; streaming site Soundcloud and Swedish payments service iZettle are hoped to grow in coming months and years.\nManish Madhvani, a managing partner and co-founder at GP Bullhound, said: \u201cThere has never been a better time to operate within the European market.\nI firmly believe that the right ecosystem now exists for one of the companies highlighted in this report to push forward and reach a $10bn valuation in the next few years.", "Jane Honeck \u00bb TOO RICH OR TOO THIN? NEVER!\nOn the fifth and final exploration of 5 Money Myth\u2019s, Jane and Spencer explore the old saying, \u201cYou can never be to rich or too thin.\u201d You\u2019ll learn how our culture encourages believing this myth and what happens when you try to follow it. Instead of falling prey to it, Spencer and Jane ask you to get in touch with what you\u2019re really looking for in life-what nurtures your core values and beliefs? As always, Jane and Spencer turn money myths upside down as they help you build money awareness by asking the difficult questions behind your money dynamic.\nHere I am, stuck in the Detroit airport again! Delta and Detroit never seem to agree with my travel plans. A ... Read more!\nMy friend Jerry's musings on a rainy day in the Pacific Northwest, ended with, \"fear sure does change things ... Read more!\nAre You Bad, Really Bad with Money?\nHave you ever noticed how easily you say \u201cI\u2019m bad with money?\u201d It doesn\u2019t seem to take much to throw in the ... Read more!\nToday is not only Father\u2019s Day but also my Wedding Anniversary. It got me thinking about how we have been ... Read more!\nMy last entry certainly hit a lot of nerves. If you haven't read the comments - please do - it's well worth ... Read more!\nSomething happened on the way to despair. After looking at the numbers, I was hopeless. There didn\u2019t seem ... Read more!\nFeeling Financially Tapped, Emotionally Trapped?\nGuest, Bob Wheeler, CPA, author of The Money Nerve joins host, Jane ... Read more!\nAs I was contemplating topics for this week\u2019s blog, I really wanted it to be about the horrific earthquake in ... Read more!\nFor 23 years I've been sitting in the same office. For 28 years I've owned my own accounting firm and for ... Read more!\nPlease enjoy this guest blog by fellow author, Amy Wood. Be back soon! Everywhere we go \u2013 the internet, the ... Read more!", "I was diagnosed in 1985 after being in and out of the hospital since I was 13 yrs. of age.\nThis is a horrible sickness that has caused me to be severely disabled.\nI used to have a strong stomach, now I have to take Protonix daily to keep my stomach pains under control.\nI was on Remicade, Humira, Embrel, Methotrexate both in pill form and injections.\nThe infusions caused me to be hospitalized from the bad reactions.\nI have been on steroids for 25 years. My face resembles a basketball.\nI have had numerous surgeries, all linked to the AS. The latest being what they call the *X-Stop*.\nThe X-Stop is a new procedure where this Stop is put in between the vertebrae\u2019s to allow the nerves to flow without entrapment.\nProblem is that I have so much damage from constant inflammation caused by the AS that my spine is no longer stable and I am waiting as I type for a surgery date for a Lamenectomy on Lower Lumbar Disc\u2019s, L-3,4 & 5, The Spine has been stabilized, and fused.\nas AS sufferers wait for some small sign of maybe a cure or at least a longer remission for all.\nThank you so much for sharing your story with me. My family has lovingly nicknamed me also. It\u2019s true AS never sleeps, and that is what makes it dangerous, not only do we not look sick, we don\u2019t always feel sick and they gives a false sense of all is well.\nThat is a really cool picture. Am I right that it is you as a girl photoshopped into the picture of you now? And your face does not look anything close to a basketball! Thanks for telling us your story.", "Went back to Morocco recently to recce the tours for next year. First time I\u2019ve been for 5 years, but it felt just like I was home again. Was great to catch up with Ali at the Nomad Palace. Sadly only a hire car this time, but can\u2019t wait to get back here in November on a bike and start doing some training. Sand dunes, my idea of off-road heaven.\nI\u2019ve thought long and hard about how much of the medical side of things to share with everyone, but to be honest, if you\u2019re looking to motivate other sufferers, it\u2019s important to let them see exactly what it is you\u2019ve gone through and what you\u2019re fighting to come back from. So here it is in black and white so to speak.\nAs you can see, the tumour is a pretty sizeable one situated just behind my eye.\nAs you can see from the pictures, they certainly opened up a pretty big hole in my head to get at it.\nFortunately, now that I\u2019m no longer on steroids, I don\u2019t look like I\u2019m trying to do hamster impressions any more thank goodness.\nIt\u2019s an interesting look, but I can\u2019t see it catching on in the fashion world.\nFor anyone that would like to buy a share in my Dakar 2020 project, there is now a crowdfunding page.\nIf you donate, please send me a Facebook message with your address so that I can send you your share certificate and keep in touch.\nTraining has started, but there\u2019s an awful long way to go.\nDakar 2020 The Journey Begins.\nPosted on June 11, 2018 June 18, 2018 8 Comments on Dakar 2020 The Journey Begins.", "IRDIA assigned some fixed IP to be used by the s-bots in the lab. This howto provides all the information required to access the s-bots and to modify the associations IP/s-bot.\nHere below, there is the list of IP addresses allocated to the s-bots. The first column shows the IP address, the second the name stored in the DNS, the third is the actual number of the s-bot binded to the address.\nFor instance, if you need to login into s-bot number 15, you can type either ssh root@164.15.10.151 or ssh root@sbot2.ulb.ac.be.\nIf you use computer names with SSH, usually your computer converts the name into an IP address first by checking into /etc/hosts and then by querying the DNS.\nAfter this modification, ssh root@sbot8 will immediately connect to 164.15.10.152.\nWhen switched on, the s-bots connect to the wireless LAN. The wireless base-station is nobel.ulb.ac.be and works as a bridge between the wireless and the fixed networks. This means that the base-station receives all the packets for the s-bots from the fixed network and routes them into the wireless one, and the other way round too. No manipulation of the packets occurs.\nAfter the sbots connected to the wireless lan, they broadcast a DHCP request for an IP address. Being this a normal packet, the base-station routes it to the fixed network. The DHCP server on iridia.ulb.ac.be receives the request and answers to it.\nThe DHCP server must be restarted after having changed this file. To restart, type /etc/init.d/dhcp restart. Then check in /var/log/daemon to see if there are errors occured while the DHCP server was reading the configuation file.\nThis page was last modified on 29 July 2009, at 12:40.", "Potentially thousands of young doctors are unable to find work because of an acute shortage of jobs, the British Medical Association has warned.\nIt claims new research has revealed a shortage of posts for training jobs in England and Wales, with as many as a third of young doctors abandoning attempts to find work within the NHS.\n\"We know there's a problem and we're keen to work with the Government to help deal with it,\" said Jo Hilbourne, chairman-elect of the BMA's Junior Doctors Committee.\n\"These are people who are desperate to work for the NHS, and have spent years of their lives in training at a huge cost to the taxpayer.\"\nThe BMA says the problem has come about because an expansion in medical school places has not been matched by more training posts or more senior jobs, combined with an influx of overseas doctors looking to train in the UK.\nA survey of 2,356 junior doctors carried out in August found that almost one in 10 had been unable to find work. There were no such problems in Scotland and Northern Ireland.\nThe BMA said if that proportion was replicated across the country, then as many as 3,000 doctors could be affected, forcing many to go abroad. Each has been trained at a cost of \u00a3250,000.\nIt claims 300 junior doctors also contacted it independently of the survey to complain they have been unable to find work.\nBut the figures were disputed by the Department of Health (DoH) which said they were misleading.\nThe DoH said it did not actively recruit junior doctors from abroad and said there were only about 100 young medics who did not currently have a job.\n\"The Department of Health does not agree that 'thousands' of UK-trained junior doctors are unemployed, especially when job opportunities and training posts continue to be advertised each week,\" the DoH said in a statement.\nIt added that every year some junior doctors left Britain to train overseas, such as to Australia or New Zealand, but denied they were being permanently lost to the NHS.\n\"The majority of those who go abroad come back to England to continue their careers in the NHS, enriched by their overseas experiences.\"", "Many individuals are choosing to go the route of a home theater PC. Although a home theater PC doesn\ufffdt have as much rental or subscription fees as other options it does have a higher up front cost. You will also need some technical knowledge before you can build or purchase a home theater PC. To get your home theater PC to work just right for you, you will often need to tweak or work on the settings. A home theater PC isn\ufffdt as simple as plugging into an outlet and then enjoying your movies, although a home theater PC can still be an improvement over other methods.\nMany choose a home theater PC since it gives them better control over their content. With the content on your PC you can archive it to a disc to play on vacation, upload the content to your iPod or other portable devices, this isn\ufffdt something you can do with a regular cable box. You aren\ufffdt restricted to simply watching your show in the living room or bedroom. Also once you pay the price to purchase or build a home theater PC you won\ufffdt have a subscription cost and you don\ufffdt have to worry about renting content.\nWith a PC it is easier to skip through the commercials in your content. When you watch a recorded show you can simply jump through a commercial break by clicking the channel up button. A cable box doesn\ufffdt allow you to do this. A home theater PC also allows you to upgrade and expand based on your entertainment needs. You can add tuners, sound cards, video cards or additional space to your hard drive. You don\ufffdt have expandability options with a cable box, but you do with a PC in addition to the ability to record many shows at one time while watching another.\nYou can also manage your content on a home theater PC a lot better than a cable box. Using a remote control you can control a lot of functions on your PC from the comfort of your couch including CD and DVD player. You can view TV shows, record TV shows, play music, watch saved movies and watch online multimedia. You can also archive your specific content based on your moods or certain genres. A home theater PC also has excellent image processing which means you can improve the picture quality on any of your video playbacks, this is something you wouldn\ufffdt get with a standard cable box.", "Bea Fields is the President of Bea Fields Companies, Inc. and the Founder of Five Star Leader Coaching and Training, a leadership consulting firm currently serving over 800 clients world-wide. Along with Scott Wilder, Jim Bunch and Rob Newbold, she is the co-author of Millennial Leaders: Success Stories From Today\u2019s Most Brilliant Generation Y Leaders. The new book explores and analyzes Generation Y \u2013 the young adults currently between the ages of 18 and 30 \u2013 from a socio-economic standpoint. The book highlights 25 members of this generation who have already made a name for themselves, and provides crucial insights for business and political leaders seeking to tap into this demographic. Along with Corey Blake and Eva Silva Travers, she is also the author of Edge: A Leadership Story, which was named a finalist in the 2008 National Best Book Awards in the category of Business/Motivation.\nFields\u2019 educational background includes a bachelor\u2019s degree from The University of Alabama, and a certificate degree in Leadership Coaching from Georgetown University in Washington, DC.\nBea Fields Companies, Inc. has had great success in using a variety of leadership and business development programs to assist clients in the areas of marketing, sales, strategic planning, business development, strategic alliance development, training and event development, creative writing, customer service, and public speaking.\nIn addition to her consulting work, Fields maintains an active role in her community. She has served on the Board of Visitors for The University of North Carolina\u2019s Children\u2019s Hospital, and the board of directors for The Sandhills Children\u2019s Center in Southern Pines, North Carolina. She has also served as a director for The FirstHealth Hospice Foundation in Pinehurst, North Carolina, and The Episcopal Day School in Southern Pines, North Carolina.\nNew Year! New Ways of Leading!\nTED Video: Are Schools Killing Our Creativity?", "SORRY - REGISTRATION FOR THIS YEAR'S CFO SUMMIT IS NOW CLOSED.\nThis full-day program will feature a range of timely topics geared towards busy financial managers in senior accounting positions. Join us for a day to plug in, recharge, and connect with other professionals in your field. The CFO's perspective serves as the foundation for every session we plan at CFO Summit. We will examine what's coming down the line in tax reform, HR, technology and much more. That way, you can map a confident course of action - one that will lead to success in the year ahead and beyond for you and your organization.\nLeadership, Ethics, & Sexual Misconduct (Ethics CPE) - Barnes & Thornburg partners Janilyn Daub and Jeanine Gozdecki will lead a thoughtful discussion about leadership, ethics, and sexual misconduct that will illuminate the scope of the challenges for today\u2019s business executive\u2014 from risk management to compliance to company values. Is it enough to have a corporate Code of Conduct? What is the unwritten code of ethics for the company\u2014from the c-suite to the plant floor? We\u2019ll work through scenarios to facilitate an open discussion about overlapping personal and corporate ethics, cultural differences, civility, and sexual misconduct. We will seek to answer the question, \"How can we become ethical leaders in today\u2019s changing environment?\"\nJames Meyer, Principal at Maner Solutions, will present a session focused on technology trends for forward-thinking CFOs.\nCost to attend this full-day conference is only $100 per person and includes 8 hours of CPE credit, continental breakfast, and lunch. Breakfast and check-in will begin at 7:30 a.m. with sessions starting at 8:00 a.m.\nThe cool, new integrated checkout (requires offline payments [i.e., checks] be turned off). Maybe we could run this option until there's a demand for check payments.", "Is there any way of knowing what kinds of scores accepted students generally have on their SAT2 tests?\nYeah, it's called Naviance. Use it.\nThx. Not on our naviance. But I'm hoping you aren't a Haverford student.\nSorry that Grendle 7 gave you such a nasty reply. Not typical of the HC students I know. Now, my S just graduated so I may be out of date but 4 years ago he had one in the high 600's and one in the mid- 700's. What I have heard is that if one's SAT I is strong that the II's just need to be \"good enough.\" I would think if one is a good candidate overall that scoring in the high 600's is sufficient. Best of luck and again I am so sorry that you posted on this forum in good faith and received such an inappropriate reply and for the record, Naviance does not list SAT II scores.\nmy son had a 670 and an 800. I just want to echo the abouve post that Haverford students are really nice and helpful and that nasty replies stand out because they are so unusual.\nThank you both! Glad to know my impression of Haverford students was not off base. Nice students is one of the big reasons Haverford is high on my D's list. Looks like someone has a bit too much time on his hands!!\nAnd good news about the SAT2 scores. She just got hers back and was disappointed with a 690 and 740. But it sounds like that might be ok, and she is planning to retake in the fall, so she might see some improvement.\nDaughter (incoming freshman) took three: 790, 740, 740. Hope that is helpful. Kids at Haverford seem very nice.\nThx, fridakahlo. I hope you'll post about how she is doing next year.\nGood advice here from all except Grendle7.\nWhat else would you expect from someone who chose the name of the monster/**** from 'Beowulf'.", "This is me. Photo: Brian Andrews.\nHi! Looking for a bit more about me? You came to the right place.\nA writer since forever, it was a surprise to nobody that I tipped my cap for a career as a print journo. So, after finishing my journalism degree I launched into a cadetship at the Daily Mercury in Mackay.\nThat was about 20 years ago and I\u2019ve been tapping away at the keyboard ever since for an array of various employer overlords.\nI have worked in newspapers and magazines in Mackay, London, Sydney and Brisbane, working for the man at organisations such as News Corp Australia, Next Media, Bauer (ACP), and Reed Elsevier.\nI have also been a regular presenter on morning TV program, Mornings With Kerri-Anne (Nine Network, (see a few of my clips here) and local radio (ABC).\nI\u2019ve been blogging for more than a decade, launching my first blog in 2007, a parenting blog for News Corp, called \u201cMum Said\u201d, which attracted more than 17,000 unique readers daily.\nMy next blog was my own venture, called Moore4Mums.com, launched in 2010, and was named in the Kidspot top 50 of mummy bloggers in 2010 and was a finalist in 2011.\nI was a founding director of Australia\u2019s first political parent advocacy group, The Parenthood which was a lobbying voice for Australia\u2019s parenting community.\nA shift into PR for Big Splash Communications led to working with clients such as AMP, the Brisbane Racing Club, property analysts Urbis, developers Australand (now Frasers) and Queensland house-and-land developer Ausbuild.\nI\u2019m excavating my innermost thoughts and torturing myself in a committed effort to write the great Australian novel. My favourite fictional characters as: Stephanie Plum, Sookie Stackhouse, and Kay Scarpetta.", "Where are located the best diving sites to dive in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you will find a map of all scuba diving sites in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States in which you can dive and snorkel.\nWhich diving sites are located in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you will find a list of all scuba diving sites in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States in which you can dive and snorkel.\nWhich diving sites in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States have underwater photos? Below, you will find the list of scuba diving sites in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States and a list of underwater photos for each diving site.\nWhich marine species can I observe in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you will find the list of marine species and the photos for each species.\nWhich photographers have taken underwater photos in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you will find the list of underwater photographers and their photos in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States.\nWhich scuba diving centers can I dive with in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you can see the list of scuba diving centers in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States. Click on \u201cmore info\u201d to find out more about each scuba diving center.\nWhich liveaboard can I dive with in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you can see the list of liveaboard in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States. Click on \u201cmore info\u201d to find out more about each liveaboard.\nWhich accommodation can I rest after my dive in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States? Below, you can see the list of accommodation in Northeastern Minnesota, Minnesota, United States. Click on \u201cmore info\u201d to find out more about each accommodation.", "So much nonsense is being spouted on this topic that I can hardly know where to start!\nLet\u2019s just review the job of our skin, which, by the way, is our largest organ.\n\u2013 Protection of internal organs is number one. This is why water, gases (oxygen is a gas, remember) and oils CANNOT penetrate the skin.\nIf they could, you\u2019d swell like a whale after every shower.\nThere are very few, select substances, like essential oils, which can penetrate because their molecular structure is very small and similar to that of the skin.\nEstrogen patches and nicotin patches are full of similar substances \u2013 small mollecular size which helps them penetrate the skin barrier.\n\u2013 Elimination is another job for the skin. It eliminates sweat and produces oils that lubricate and protect.\nThe pores of the skin are just tiny openings, like the donut holes. Just like donut holes, the pores have no active role. They simply allow sweat and sebum (oil) to flow OUT.\nWhen we apply make up and allow it to stay on for a long time (not remove it at the end of the day) it will mix with the sebum and sweat we produce and let pollutants adhere on top, creating a nasty soup that we can see as blackheads or just very dull skin.\nThis is why cleansing daily is most important and so is regular exfoliation.\nBut to get back to the topic, our skin does not breathe. That job is left to the lungs.\nThere are numerous claims on the market for products that \u201clet skin breathe\u201d.\nIt is a good idea to avoid heavy make up and an even better one to cleanse your face daily. This will avoid occlusion of the pores (plugging), blackheads and creation of breeding grounds for the bacteria responsible for acne.\nThat is all. Next time you hear about \u201cskin detoxifying\u201dor \u201cskin breathing\u201d you\u2019ll know it it for what it is : nonsense.", "Besides taking classes and watching local ballets, what can I do to pursue Ballet on a more professional level? I am 27 years old. Can I still audition for colleges? I know I am \"old\". :) But that doesn't bother me.\nYou definitely have the right attitude by showing your interests and being pro-active by taking classes and watching ballets. Often, you can get a lot from networking and showing your face around as you begin to make contacts which can lead you onto many unexpected opportunities.\nIn terms of career, ballet dancing is a short and dancer's aim to have their first job by the age of 18 or 19 in order to fulfill all the stages of a dancer's career. Dance is a particular career where you have to start training young to build the technique and requirements for a professional standard.\nVocational dance schools train their dancers from ages 11 - 18 to pursue their career, whereas local dance schools will always be open to dancers of all ages to enjoy ballet as a hobby. I am unsure to what sort of colleges would consider you for an audition because of your age, but it is worth researching and finding out.\nTo pursue ballet on a more professional level at your age, I suggest teaching could be a good career option. This will still keep you in touch with ballet, yet allow for your age to not be an issue. By teaching, you are still experiencing the joys of ballet yet you are guiding others and sharing your passion for dance.\nI know you don't mind about your age, but unfortunately the 'ballet world' does. You could find yourself being held back as there are many other young dancer's fighting for a professional career too. However, I am absolutely not stopping you so keep up the networking and talk to whoever you can to get more info!", "A prominent news story in the UK this week concerned the publication of a range of Brexit scenarios produced by a range of government departments including the Treasury. The headline finding was that the UK economy would be worse off in 2035-36 under all possible scenarios, with hits to the economy ranging from GDP being 0.6% lower than it would have been under the Prime Minister\u2019s favoured (and now abandoned) Chequers plan to a 7.7% drop under a disorderly \u2018no deal\u2019 exit, rising to 9.3% if net immigration from the EU and EEA were to fall to zero.\nSupporters of Brexit and others were quick to point out that these projections are scenarios, not forecasts. Macmillan Dictionary defines a scenario as \u2018a situation that could possibly happen\u2018 while a forecast is a statement about what is likely to happen. This is the first meaning of scenario covered in our dictionary, which means it is the most frequently used today. The original meaning, however, is \u2018a written description of what happens in a play or film\u2019. This meaning, which comes from Italian and ultimately from the Latin word \u2018scena\u2019 meaning \u2018scene\u2019, dates back to the 18th century in relation to the theatre and the beginning of the 20th century for the film use. The meaning used in the news story dates from as recently as the early 1960s, since when it has become rather common.\nThe disorderly no-deal exit has been described by some as a worst-case scenario, while we could describe the other as a best-case scenario. Worst-case is the most frequent collocate found with scenario, but there are many others including likely, possible, realistic and nightmare. You can find a list of these in the Collocates box at the entry. The most menacing type of scenario is a Doomsday scenario, one that involves death and destruction on a huge scale.", "Hi! My name is Lisa and I am a freelance Graphic Designer, based in Glasgow, Scotland. I have 12 years of graphic design experience in the advertising field, including marketing...Read moreHi! My name is Lisa and I am a freelance Graphic Designer, based in Glasgow, Scotland.\nI have 12 years of graphic design experience in the advertising field, including marketing campaigns, layout and design, illustration and photo retouching. Proven proficiency in creating logos, brochures, advertisements, newsletters, stationary and publications. Over the years I have worked with industrial manufacturers as well as small businesses. An advertising professional, with excellent client relations, design and problem-solving skills.\nAGENCY LEVEL logo design and FREE business cards design!\nGreat - Quick to respond and listened to our requirements. Happy with her work and the active suggestions she provided to increase the quality of the overall project. Will use Lisa again and would recommend.\nThank you! It was a pleasure to work with you!!\nFist class support and assistance from Lisa throughout the project from conception to completion along with excellent communication with updates and deadlines. Would definitely use Lisa again.\nThank you so much! It was a great experience working with you. Would be more than happy to work on your next project!\nThank you so much Magdalene! It was great to work with you again!\nLisa did an excellent job on our pitch document. She was a pleasure to work with, very diligent and also honest and helpful in the collaboration. She wouldn't just do whatever we tell her, but would give us her professional opinion on advise - we really appreciated that.\nWould definitely hire her again.\nLisa is a very skilled designer and a very good communicator. She was able to meet my strict deadline and was flexible when changes were needed.\nThank you so much Gianni! It was a pleasure working with you!!", "Modeling, analysis and design of bridge structures have been integrated into CSI Bridge to create the ultimate in computerized engineering tools. The ease with which all of these tasks can be accomplished makes CSI Bridge the most versatile and productive software program available on the market today.\nUsing CSI Bridge, engineers can easily define complex bridge geometries, boundary conditions and load cases. The bridge models are defined parametrically, using terms that are familiar to bridge engineers such as layout lines, spans, bearings, abutments, bents, hinges and post-tensioning. The software creates spine, shell or solid object models that update automatically as the bridge definition parameters are changed.\nCSI Bridge design allows for quick and easy design and retrofitting of steel and concrete bridges. The parametric modeler allows the user to build simple or complex bridge models and to make changes efficiently while maintaining total control over the design process. Lanes and vehicles can be defined quickly and include width effects. Simple and practical Gantt charts are available to simulate modeling of construction sequences and scheduling.\nCSI Bridge includes an easy to follow wizard that outlines the steps necessary to create a bridge model.\nCompletely integrated within the CSI Bridge design package is the power of the SAPFire analysis engine, including staged construction, creep and shrinkage analysis, cable tensioning to target forces, camber and shape finding, geometric nonlinearity (P-delta and large displacements), material nonlinearity (superstructure, bearings, substructure and soil supports), buckling and static and dynamic analysis. All of these apply to a single comprehensive model. In addition, AASHTO LRFD design is included with automated load combinations, superstructure design and the latest seismic design.", "The findings of two recent studies show that one\u2019s likelihood of becoming obese are influenced early, even before birth. One study looked at air pollution exposure in pregnant women and found that the pollutant polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) is linked with higher rates of childhood obesity. PAH is a common urban pollutant, which is released into the air from the burning of coal, diesel, oil and gas, or other organic substances such as tobacco. In a group of children who were followed from the gestation period to age 7, researchers found that the children of mothers with high levels of exposure were almost twice as likely to be obese at age 5, compared with children of mothers with lower levels of PAH exposure during pregnancy. The children of higher levels of exposure were also more than twice as likely to be obese at age 7.\nIn the second study, researchers at UCLA studied gestational growth-restricted offspring in animal models. From their experiment, they found that the hypothalamus region of the brain is affected in low-birth-weight babies, resulting in a natural tendency to eat more calories.\nThese studies emphasize the fact that there are many contributors to today\u2019s obesity epidemic. Childhood obesity is an escalating issue in the United States, with experts predicting that a diabetes epidemic is looming as a generation of heavy kids become adults. Many of the patients we work with have been battling obesity since childhood. The American Heart Association recently released a set of recommendations for parents who want to be active in combating childhood obesity in their own homes. You can read more about their recommendations here or visit our website to learn more about obesity and weight loss treatment options.", "Steven J. Tripp - Land Use - Real Estate - Cannabis Law - Redevelopment | Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer, P.A.\nSteven J. Tripp is chair of the Land Use group and has been a shareholder at Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer, P.A. since 1988. He focuses his practice on land use and redevelopment, regularly appearing before planning boards, zoning boards of adjustment and municipal governing bodies, as well as county and state agencies. He handles all aspects of the land development process, including site plans, subdivisions, variances, access permits, areas in need of redevelopment determinations and redevelopment plans. He negotiates agreements with governmental entities relating to the development of land. His practice encompasses all types of development projects in various industry sectors including commercial, office, industrial, warehouse, healthcare and residential.\nMr. Tripp's litigation practice includes actions in lieu of prerogative writs involving decisions of planning boards, zoning boards of adjustment and other governmental entities, as well as challenges to municipal ordinances and governmental actions regarding the redevelopment process.\nMr. Tripp also counsels both developers and financial institutions in connection with due diligence reviews relating to the permitting and approval process and its impact on land acquisition and financing.\nMr. Tripp is a frequent lecturer and a panelist in Institute for Continuing Legal Education programs and seminars before a variety of organizations, on land use and related topics. He is also a contributing author of Commercial Real Estate Transactions in New Jersey (ICLE, 2010 Edition).", "U.S. Marine Corps Sgt Geoffrey Heath was born in and raised in Miami, Florida. Seeking excitement and adventure, Heath joined the military in 2003. He graduated boot camp in 2005 and was assigned to his first unit, 3rd FAST Company in Yorktown, Virginia.\nIn training for his first deployment, Heath was injured in an accident, which resulted in severe health issues. Heath spent the next eight months going to rehab and physical therapy instead of deploying with the men he trained with. However, Heath didn\u2019t give up and overcame the pain. Shortly after, Heath and his family moved to California to work with a new unit. He was finally able to deploy to Ramadi, Iraq, in September 2005. In March 2006, Heath was hit with an enemy ricochet fire in the legs and helmet. This major injury earned Heath a Purple Heart. Three years later, Heath was struck by an improvised explosive device (IED) in Marjah, Afghanistan. He suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI), multiple injuries on his right side and lost peripheral field vision in his right eye.\nHeath\u2019s courageous journey earned him two Combat Action Ribbons, two bronze Afghanistan campaign medals, two Iraqi campaign medals and many more. Heath was known in the field for his strong work ethic, moral character and guidance. He eventually retired after almost ten years of military dedication.\nAlthough Heath is unable to work full time due to his disabilities, he actively volunteers for the nonprofit organizations Disabled American Veterans Charity, Military Order of the Purple Heart Service Foundation and the 03XX Foundation. In his spare time, Heath enjoys refinishing firearms with his father. He wishes to continue supporting his wife, Lara, and their three children, while striving for a complete and successful recovery.\nOperation FINALLY HOME and PulteGroup\u2019s Built to Honor program are honored to come together to provide Geoffrey Heath and his family with a home to call their own Estero, Florida.", "Full Queen Bedroom Sets \u2013 This full queen bedroom sets is elegant for choosing right home interior design, from the best gallery collection of home interior design, home improvement inspiration, living room interior design, bedroom design inspiration, kitchen plan design and bathroom design ideas of the years. This design has been built for awesome and cool ideas with combined and selection of elegant colors and cool home interior design, would be something amazing and awesome if you apply this full queen bedroom sets at your Dream Home Plan Design. The full queen bedroom sets just one of the many references that we have. You quickly can find other references such as home interior design, home improvement inspiration, living room ideas, bedroom furniture set, kitchen plan design, bathroom design plan and etc.\nYou can get this full queen bedroom sets these sources, and for more these sources about most trend home interior design in this year, you can choose one of the categories for more specific these sources, like home interior design, living room decor inspiration, bedroom design ideas, kitchen inspiration ideas, bathroom design ideas and etc.\nThis home interior design also has some gallery reference for you choose full queen bedroom sets. All designed was created with the best design and impressive detail home improvement furniture. And some examples of the ideas is full queen bedroom sets. Every reference of home interior design ideas have been selected and chosen by the best design, beautiful furniture, elegant model and trend of home Interior design now to give you the true characteristic of full queen bedroom sets itself.\nIf you like the post of full queen bedroom sets, I would like you to support and help us developing more experience by share this home interior design or click some related posts below for more pictures and further information. Moreover, you can help us grow by sharing this reference of home interior furniture on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest. The contact us will also be available for you to give and share your comments with us. We would like to be opened for your every comment and every suggestion. Good luck with selecting best home interior design to makes your home more better.", "The Institute will bring members of Congress, their staff, and national leaders together for dynamic experiences, such as the historic pilgrimage for the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday, which help build bonds outside the context of partisan disagreements.\nOn March 7th, 2015 at the Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama a congressional delegation of nearly 100 and thousands of people marked the 50th Anniversary of Bloody Sunday. The delegation followed the path of history, retracing the route of the 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery and included President Obama, Congressional John Lewis, and the Faith and Politics Institute, a Democracy Fund grantee. The participants on this trip came with a range of experiences \u2013 some were Civil Rights Leaders, some struggled in their own communities, while some were too young to remember this tumultuous period of American history. Traveling the path and reliving the history offered new meaning and insight into the enormity of the achievements of the Civil Rights Movement in securing the right to vote for so many Americans. We believe that remaining vigilant in protecting our democratic freedoms requires honoring the memory of dark events like Bloody Sunday. Check out a reflective blog post by Program Director Betsy Wright Hawkings here.\nFaith leaders play a special role in the public life of our nation, holding unique moral authority that can influence how we talk about issues of key concern and think about the moral consequences of our actions. Faith leaders also lead lead institutions that represent millions of Americans who look to them for guidance about how to think about challenging topics and to engage in the broader community. We hope that faith leaders can leverage their unique positions in order to play a positive role to improve the quality of our nation\u2019s political discourse.", "If you have had a good experience with an online card offer that you would like to share with us, please feel free to recommend the company to us it in an email. We also welcome any suggestions on how to make this site better.\nHowever, please do not ask us to give personal advice or individual recommendations on credit or financial matters. We are merely providing links and info of a general nature, we are not lawyers or financial planners, we are not giving legal or financial advice.\nNOTE: As our Use of Site page explains in more detail, CreditCardsOnlineGuide.com is not owned by or related to any of the banks, credit card companies or financial service companies mentioned on this site. We are not a part of your relationship with them.\nPlease do not send us any email regarding your account with any of these companies. They will not allow us to forward any email to them. For your benefit, any contact you wish to have with any of these companies must be made directly with them. We also do not know of any secret phone numbers, unpublished email addresses or other ways to access your account with them or give you advice on the best way to contact them.\nAgain, please do not contact us if you have a question about your new account or if you wish to modify, cancel or change it, your credit card company will not allow us to help you with that. Thanks.\nIf you think your career needs a little help, maybe you just need some extra schooling. College or vocational training can help you get a promotion at work or maybe get you qualified for a totally different line of work. Get the info you need to make a decision.\nBest Overall Card to find the top all-purpose programs.\nStudent's Card lists some popular bank accounts for young people.\nBusiness Card for small business owners.\nCards for Bad Credit for people who may have had some past problems.\nCredit Repair Companies services to help you fix your credit.\nNo Annual Fee Cards if you can qualify for not paying an annual fee.\nUnsecured Cards do not require any upfront cash payment.\nCorporate Credit Cards for all the best business card applications.\ncopyright \u00a9 CreditCardsOnlineGuide.com. All Rights Reserved.", "Have you ever walked into an electronics showroom and wondered what is totally different between them and a standard retail clothing outlet? Yodobashi Digicam has 21 shops throughout the country, most of which are concentrated within the Kanto space, and its Shinjuku Nishiguchi store is especially enjoyable to go to, because of the quality and quantity that it has to offer. Numerous sellers encourage newbie\u2019s to start with electronics merely simply because we stay within the interval of expertise.\nApplied sciences obsessed purchasers are always wanting to get their hands on the most inexpensive digital objects like laptop methods, laptops, devices, iPod and MP3 players, car electronics, and many others. Online purchasing is a handy option when it comes to buying electronic gadgets.\nOne other class of electronics that has helped push innovations ahead is multimedia, as new technologies geared toward bettering the viewing and listening expertise proceed to be developed. The provision of quite a few kinds of electronic home equipment will not be the only advantage of online buying.\nOne of the standard objects found at a reduction shopper electronics store lately is the LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY television. Everbuying is a popular store specializing in a huge range of electronics. Our purpose is to carry the very best reasonably priced digital parts to our customers with out compromising on high quality, while offering an excellent aftersales service.\nAt Al-Fatah Electronics, you may get the desired house appliances\u2019 items at affordable rates direct to your doorstep. The N-sort connector I used got here from an area electronics retailer. Many consumers do not buy on their first visit to your store, and with BigCommerce you possibly can promote to them on their favourite online destinations resembling Amazon, Fb and eBay.\nWhat Are 2, 3, three.5, four, And 6 Channel Helis? What Is A Gyro?", "Growing up in the farm country of Kansas, Loren could often be found drawing in the fields or forests during breaks from busy farm and ranch life. Many an hour was spent simply observing nature, especially before a storm when wildlife was the most active. Young Loren poured over the horse illustrations in Will James books and visited the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City which fired his artistic imagination and ambition. He made his first sale on a drawing of a cutting horse in action to a neighbor for all of 10 cents, who bought the piece to hang in a horse stable.\nWhile in high school, Loren nurtured his artistic talent through course work at the Famous Artists Correspondence School and through his studies with three masters of representational painting, Ned Jacob, Bettina Steinke and Richard Schmid. Upon leaving his childhood home, Loren worked as a Montana ranch hand where he came into contact with other Western artists.\nCowboy by day and artist by night, Loren soon began to realize it was possible to make a living as an artist. With a young family to provide for, he took a leap of faith and started working as a full-time artist in 1981.\nIn 1992, Loren was honored to be elected as a member of the Cowboy Artists of America, an organization which strives to perpetuate the memory and culture of the Old West as typified by the late Frederic Remington, Charles Russell, and others. Throughout his career, Loren has been honored with numerous awards, including the coveted Robert Lougheed Memorial Award at the Prix de West Invitational Art Exhibition, which is based on the vote of participating artists. Loren's work has been featured in several magazines, including Western Horseman and Art of the West. Additionally, Loren was honored to be guest artist and speaker at the 2006 C.M. Russell Auction of Original Western Art in Great Falls, Montana.", "By Alex Longley (Bloomberg) \u2014 Oil analyst Torbjorn Kjus said he\u2019s quitting Norway\u2019s biggest bank to pursue opportunities that will arise thanks to an obscure but far-reaching change to fuel rules for the shipping industry.\nKjus, who has followed the market for almost two decades, will join Vistin Trading AS as a fund manager next week after leaving DNB ASA. The thematic fund, which will trade primarily off the International Maritime Organization\u2019s plans to curb ship-fuel sulfur emissions worldwide from 2020, already recruited Kenneth Tveter from DNB in a similar role.\nKjus \u2014 who was recently ranked as Norway\u2019s number one analyst in the magazine Kapital \u2014 said the business is now taking positions in the market. The venture was set up by Oslo-based drug maker Vistin Pharma ASA as it seeks to expand into energy trading.\nThe new company has raised $40 million in capital for initial trading and will take positions largely a year or two down the futures curve, said Kjus, who spent 11 years at DNB and six years prior to that at BP Plc and Norsk Hydro ASA.\nThe IMO\u2019s rule change, which would cut sulfur content in ship fuel to 0.5 percent from 3.5 percent in most cases, is reverberating across the global oil market. It\u2019s anticipated that demand for lower sulfur fuel from ships will boost consumption of diesel-like products, such as gasoil. ICE gasoil futures for January 2020, for example, have risen 18 percent so far this year to $653.25 a ton.\nAnd the impact of the changes could be felt in many industries. Morgan Stanley has said the new regulations may propel crude prices to $90 a barrel, while other analyst have highlighted the impact on sectors including aviation, refining and wider global trade as well as shipping.\nKjus said the IMO rule change will be the venture\u2019s first major theme, and that once it has run its course the business would seek new trading opportunities.", "Wrinkles around the eyes also known as crow\u2019s feet occur due to environmental influences, especially sun exposure, and eye muscle movement throughout life. Besides the sun exposure, and other external factors, such as smoking, smog, and stress can stimulate the development of wrinkles.\nExternal factors damage the connective tissue and thinner skin around the eyes, which promotes the development of wrinkles. It is not possible to remove the wrinkles 100%, but they can be significantly reduced. In the following article, we will show you how to make homemade facial mask against crow\u2019s feet.\nBlueberries are an excellent antioxidant, nourish the skin, treat acne, hydrate and balance the oily skin, but also remove fine lines and wrinkles. Namely, blueberries are fighting against free radicals that attack the skin. Therefore, they are the perfect ingredient for reducing your eye wrinkles.\nMix the blueberries in the blender. Next, in a bowl add the yogurt, honey, lemon juice and the barley flakes. Mix these ingredients until they combine nicely. Afterward, add the blueberries in the bowl with rest of the ingredients, and stir well. Store the blueberry mask in the fridge for 5 days max.\nWith a cotton pad apply the blueberry mask around the eyes or any affected skin area. Let it sit for 15 minutes, then rinse it with lukewarm water and apply a moisturizer. This face mask can be applied every night. You should be persistent and you will see the results very soon: better elasticity, soft, renewed and smoother skin, deep hydration and noticeably reduced wrinkles.\nDon\u2019t Throw Away Used Tea Bags! Here Are 20 Smart Ways To Reuse Them!", "So you\u2019ve arranged your suitcase as per my Ultimate Packing Checklist post and you\u2019re now sat looking at your hand luggage.\nYou need to check with the airline you are flying with about their carryon size restrictions. Some airlines differ in their carryon dimensions and baggage restrictions so this is vital info to have. Many have differing max weights, but almost all will say you have to be able to lift your baggage into an overhead locker. Some also don\u2019t allow you to carry a laptop or handbag in addition to this cabin baggage and some carry a maximum weight.\nBeing the helpful person I am *Wink*, I\u2019ve decided to list some well known airlines Hand Baggage and Luggage allowances for checked in bags also!\nNow you need to find a suitable bag that will fit everything in, that you need. Is this complementary to a suitcase? or are you being super travel efficient and flying carryon only?\nTo Start, you need our Essentials from the Ultimate Packing Checklist. This should be your first port of call to ensure you have all important documents with you.\nContact Lens case and Solution ( As some of you know, I use Vision Direct for my lenses, as they deliver so quickly and price wise, are great!\nTIP: Every time you visit the airport \u2013 Pick up spare clear security bags. You\u2019ll always need them. If not, feel free to use freezer bags as alternatives if they zip lock. Put all the above items in the clear bag, the night before and place in your hand luggage. If you use them on the morning of your travel, make sure you don\u2019t get tempted to throw them them anywhere else but back in that clear bag. Keep this bag where you can grab it quickly, so as you approach security and everyone else is taking forever and a day to organise themselves, you can walk straight through.\nSmart phone / Tablet / MP3 player.\nI just bought most of the following from Boots, so feel free to click the links to go through to their site to see which one I purchased.\nLet me know how you get on. What else do you take in your hand luggage / carry on?", "What does it mean when teenagers say \"i \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c you\" to eachother, \u0438\u043b\u0438 when they tell their \u0414\u0440\u0443\u0437\u044c\u044f that they're so in \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c with so-and-so? It's not true, forever and always love, not yet, but teenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c does exist. What is it, exactly, though?\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is falling in \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c at a young age, possibly for the first time but not the last.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is thinking about someone and no one else in your spare time, and fantasizing about what \"should have been\".\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is sometimes saying \"i \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c you\" not because \u0422\u044b mean it, but because \u0422\u044b know its what \u0422\u044b should say.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is \u041f\u043e\u0446\u0435\u043b\u0443\u0438 in the rain.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is screaming, fighting, and crying and walking out the door, then calling eachother a few \u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442\u044b later and saying you're sorry.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is either being overjoyed and happy on valentine's \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0438\u043b\u0438 completely miserable.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is loving someone and not being able to stop loving them, no matter how many times they hurt you.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is saying forever, and wanting it to be true, but knowing it won't be. It can't be.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is getting nervous when \u0422\u044b pass them in the hall at school \u0438\u043b\u0438 walk by their locker.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is smiling at someone just because.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is listening to a Taylor \u0431\u044b\u0441\u0442\u0440\u044b\u0439, \u0441\u0442\u0440\u0435\u043c\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0439, \u0441\u0432\u0438\u0444\u0442 song and smiling because it's so true.\nTeenage \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c is being totally, completely, and magically in \u041b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u0432\u044c with someone, but not really knowing what that means yet.", "The Community Plans & Liaison Office (CP&LO) serves as the Base Commanding General's direct representative with local communities, public elected officials, other government agencies and major landowners surrounding the Base. The CP&LO staff also serves as the primary point of contact for any off-Base entities seeking a long-term use of Camp Pendleton land. This office serves in an oversight capacity to monitor encroachment issues that could potentially affect the Camp Pendleton mission or its tenant commands. The staff assists on Base strategic land use planning.\nThe office works with local, state and federal officials to coordinate planning of mutual interest issues within Southern California. When necessary, the CP&LO staff provides information to local community authorities and regional planning agencies about Camp Pendleton land use and its training mission.\nCP&LO coordinates the assignment of senior Camp Pendleton officials to serve as liaisons with local chambers of commerce, school boards and other community organizations. These assignments assist in enhancing communication with many off-base activities and organizations.\nCP&LO serves as the primary Base coordinator for the School-to-Career Program which has existed since 1995. The program serves approximately 550 students each year from our surrounding high schools in local school districts and provides students a unique and comprehensive educational experience to help them plan for their future.\nThe CP&LO also oversees the School Liaison Office (SLO), which coordinates education support services to maximize opportunities for academic success for transitioning military children/youth. The School Liaison (SL) program fosters and promotes quality education for military children by working directly with the command, families, school districts, and local communities, and by providing referral services to family support agencies aboard MCB Camp Pendleton and in the local community.", "Elevation Bar & Lounge might be comparatively new amongst bars and lounges in Sherman Oaks San Fernando Valley but we are striving to rank as one of the top party spots now. It might be taking a minute but we like to lit!!\nSwing by in the evening, and one could dress up or down to come to our friendly neighboorhood bar. No Cover but you still have pass the doorman, who assures that only a certain type of crowd can sip decently made cocktails at Elevation. We are ready for your hot summer day and night parties! Tasty drinks are made by our bartenders to get you elevated and turned up in for a memorable experience in Sherman Oaks. It\u2019s nonstop hard hitting music for your party. We are one of the top lounges in Sherman Oaks to get have a little fun!\nTest your skills over a drink at our friendly pool table or watch your favorite sporting event with friends on our giant multiple monitors. Or better yet plan a entire birthday bash at our spacious premises and make it a once in a lifetime event. Experienced DJ\u2019s turn up the latest cuts in LA and through out the San Fernando Valley.\nMake a reservation and get treated like a Queen or King to have your drinks ready to go. Have a happy hour party or even a small corporate event or a community event, have a cocktail reception, have a fundraiser or film a movie, music video or just a scene! Use our indoor lounge for a cozy get together or our outside patio with a bar attached (optional).\nEither way we are here in Sherman Oaks, Ca ready for our community.\nWe open usually open at 7pm everyday acccept Sunday.", "The finest part about creating an educational article might be the wide array of subjects you can select from. This enlightening post offers a record of choice of topics which one can pick from, for composing editorials. This listing deals with quite a few the simple to compose composition matters. It\u2019s possible for you to contemplate writing on following matters associated with science and technology. Below are some essay thoughts they might use. They\u2019re also called\u201d powerful essays.\u201d Thus, if you\u2019re trying to find some amazing choices for your own article, locate several interesting mentions in these essayswriting paragraphs. Expository essays may comprise different strategies, including categorisation or cause-and-impact. To write on an expository essay, you\u2019ll need to examine and look into the advice and also the arguments too, in a very clear and exact style.\nToast a superb quality mini-baguette or sub roll and wash using a contact of coconut oil.\nThey should get an awareness of the 3 sections of an article, jointly with how exactly to write an excellent dissertation statement. The kind of article you select is going to rely on your assignment as well as your theme. Without any suitable arrangement, also superb articles can\u2019t save yourself an article. Understanding how to\u201dstructure\u201d an composition is among the main abilities which you can develop, and in addition among the most challenging. It\u2019s really still another only to have an overall describe and must compose your own article topic. For instance is a rather fascinating matter, but in situation you have to compose a classification essay with this subject, it only wont be achievable. Composing on such themes should turn out to be an outstanding workout for the head and thoughts.", "Ms. Annemarie Lucernoni serves as a Senior Associate at Dinte Executive Search. As a Senior Associate, she is responsible for conducting targeted research and market analysis, identifying and screening top talent for Director through C-Suite level searches, developing position specifications, project plans, and candidate evaluations, and driving and implementing process improvements. She currently performs market research for executive search assignments in various industries including the Defense, Aerospace, Intelligence, and Security markets.\nIn addition to her research expertise, Ms. Lucernoni led Dinte's website rebranding campaign, and oversees the Dinte website and other social media accounts.\nMs. Lucernoni holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science and History, with a Spanish minor, from Virginia Tech University.\nFun fact people wouldn\u2019t know about me: I am a published author! There are two mildly embarrassing poems in a young authors poetry book 8-year old me is responsible for. Since then, I have also published three chapters in books: one on the history of the 19th century tin canning industry, one on political participation of women in Japan, and one on Chinese social engineering.\nHad to renew my passport before going to: I haven\u2019t had to renew it yet (soon though!). The last trip I took was a spontaneously-planned flight to Munich for Oktoberfest. While abroad I also got to explore Italy, where I ate many a pasta like the good Italian that I am- and then walked off the spaghetti and wine on my way up the 463 steps of the Duomo.\nFood trucks or take out? Food trucks! I love trying all the different options \u2013 Indian food today, empanadas tomorrow! Or from-scratch lasagna\u2026 or a savory crepe\u2026 or\u2026 you get the idea.", "Error 103.103 in Adobe Acrobat utterly appears when you try to run a certain program. This error is very sudden and appears from nowhere. Such error basically comes up during initialization of a program. It is pretty much hectic to fix Adobe Acrobat Error 103.103 single handedly.\nWhen you try to process the PDF version from the Controller application server\u2019s website, your Adobe Acrobat may face issues.\nIssues with the settings of Adobe. If you set Enable Protected Mode at startup, such error is certain.\nIf Adobe Acrobat Reader blocks the download of the Controller PDFs from the application server, initialization error appears.\nThough any environment can affect such error, but if customers position the Controller via Citrix, this error is bound to happen.\nThere are many ways to get rid of error. But it is better to connect with Adobe Acrobat Installation Services for professional guidance. Else you can read the blog out which comprise all the possible solutions to make this error disappear.\nWhenever such error appears on the display screen, the first thing that you need to do is to launch the Adobe Reader.\nNow click on Edit followed by clicking on Preferences accordingly.\nChoose the section enhanced security.\nFinally un-mark the setting in order to enable the protected mode at startup.\nIf you face any problem while troubleshooting the acrobat reader 103:103 error, the next best solution is to connect with our well skilled and experienced technical team through Adobe Acrobat Support Number +1-888-446-7818 and get immediate help irrespective you all queries. Our technical team is available 24*7 to provide comprehensive support to all customer related queries. Hence, call now and get done with the error with immediate effect.\n0 comments on How to Fix Adobe Acrobat Error 103.103?", "When it comes to deciding where to spend media budget as a hospital or clinic, it can be difficult to decide on the best place for marketing dollars. Resources can be limited, which is why it\u2019s important to focus on a few key areas to make the most impact.\nHere are five places you should make a point of placing your media attention.\nPPC is an ideal channel for hospitals or clinics. People in need of medical assistance or looking to set up an appointment at a clinic will often search for locations near them to find out their hours, physicians, availability, etc. Creating ads with useful extension information and bidding on the proper terms will go a long way in increasing the impact of a marketing budget.\nBillboards provide an excellent way to stay visible to potential hospital- or clinic-goers. Make sure to find locations that work well for your business, whether they are in prime commuting areas or simply in the general area of your hospital or clinic. This outdoor advertising play can be crucial to maintain brand awareness for your organization\u2014particularly in communities where there's a lot of competition for healthcare providers.\nIn terms of branding, effective traditional media channels still need to be implemented. Television, for example, still can make an impact, especially at a local level. It\u2019s particularly true when attempting to reach an older audience that still consumes content from local news outlets. This makes compelling television video content about your organization an important part of the mix.\nBanner ads often get a bad reputation when it comes to digital advertising. However, most issues with them arise from improper targeting. Programmatic display serves your banners to the correct audience in order to get the most out of the channel. The banners served via programmatic display can also provide a valuable touchpoint in the journeys of the people to whom they're served.\nHaving a presence on social media can be a great boost to an organization\u2014even a hospital or clinic. It provides a place to interact with existing and potential patients, which can improve retention of existing relationships. That's important to any hospital or clinic. Once this positive environment is established, use retargeting ads on the various social platforms to expose potential customers to your hospital or clinic\u2019s brand.", "With many companies broadly using a variety of kinds of engineering in their various areas of work, there\u2019s a lot of information which needs storing so as to present a backup in the event of a catastrophe. This may be something like a fire or a flood, or perhaps something much simpler like a spilled cup of tea on several crucial hardware.\nAccidents can occur \u2013 together with completely disasters \u2013 and \u2013 consequently backing up your data is absolutely crucial. Below are a few of the chief reasons why backup alternatives are vitally important to your company.\nYou can explore the web to find a professional services provider for your business IT support in Miami.\nThe primary reason these alternatives are so significant is that the massive number of information for all kinds of the company is stored digitally, whether that is calls for accounts, customer data, significant legal records and much, much more.\nIn reality, companies that have their information stored entirely digitally aren\u2019t in any way rare, which reveals how much the area of work has changed lately years.\nWhether you\u2019re self-employed using a small company or have a moderately sized enterprise, it\u2019s probable that your information is worth a whole lot and the reduction of it may cause severe disturbance of your company \u2013 if not closed completely if you cannot recuperate from this kind of data disaster.\nIt\u2019s necessary therefore to search for backup solutions so as to guarantee the security of this information which you\u2019ve got. There are a lot of distinct options in the marketplace these days, such as cloud backup alternatives, which implies you will have a trusted fallback for all your important info should tragedy strike.\nYou can outsource the IT service provider in Miami as a cloud backup solution for your personal business.\nThis will make all of the difference in picking your company nearly from where you left off in the event that you do encounter a catastrophe. This might be as straightforward as retrieving your data from a backup service on precisely the exact same day as you encounter a collapse and ongoing business as normal. In more complex cases you might want to purchase new gear completely.\nClick here to learn more about why outsourcing IT service is essential for your business.", "Angie's List Super Service Award: For more information about the team that earned this award, please click on the Angie\u2019s List logo.\nSenior Helpers offers professional and comprehensive senior home care in Orlando, Florida and the surrounding communities.\nDale Gardner opened the Senior Helpers Orlando office because of his passion for delivering affordable, reliable senior home care to seniors in the Greater Orlando community. Dale\u2019s team of caregivers take their responsibility seriously and make it a priority to provide the highest level of client service possible.\nOur expert caregivers are trained to address the needs of senior citizens with a wide range of home senior care needs. Through individualized care, our caregivers regularly address the needs of senior citizens with Alzheimer\u2019s Disease, other forms of dementia, and Parkinson\u2019s Disease.\nOur Personal Care and Companion care are just two types of senior home care we offer, designed primarily to improve the daily lives and routines of seniors.\nOur Personal Care services tend to the more intimate, non-medical needs of seniors. This usually includes age-related challenges or helping those recovering from an illness. Personal Care addresses sensitive matters like bathing, dressing, toileting, and much more.\nEqually important, Companion Care focuses on providing your loved one with the daily companionship that keeps them from feeling lonely. This includes assistance with daily household chores, hobbies, and errands.\nWe provide in-home senior care services to seniors and their families in and around Orlando. We serve all of Orange, Seminole and Osceola counties, including Orlando, Winter Park, Maitland, Longwood, Winter Springs, Altamonte Springs, Ocoee, Winderere, Winter Garden, and more.\nIf you\u2019re interested in taking advantage of our senior home care services, get in touch with us today.", "Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers believes Chelsea will have a greater motivation to reach Wembley after their shock FA Cup defeat by Bradford City.\nThe Reds head to Stamford Bridge after drawing the League Cup semi-final first leg 1-1 at Anfield.\nChelsea lost 4-2 at home to Bradford on Saturday, having led 2-0.\n\"The result at the weekend doesn't help - they will have great motivation,\" said Rodgers. \"When you come off a game like that, you want to put it right.\"\nHowever, Rodgers believes the manner of Chelsea's defeat will give his side hope if they do fall behind on Tuesday.\n\"There is also that, in the back of your mind, even if you're up in the game - like they were, 2-0 - you can still lose the game,\" added Rodgers. \"So I'm sure there'll be that wee bit of trepidation.\"\nChelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois made a succession of saves in the first leg and Rodgers believes that a repeat of Liverpool's attack-minded performance could reap rewards.\nHe said: \"We played them last week when they were coming off the back of, arguably, their best result and performance of the season against Swansea but we were outstanding in the game.\n\"We know it is going to be a tough game but we are certainly going into the game with no fear and our strength is very much in our attack. We showed that in the last game.\n\"The team is on the up, we have seen that over the last number of weeks. We've got great confidence knowing that, in particular away from home, our form and resilience is getting better and better and we can get a result.\"", "Inner West Exterminators are a dedicated pest control company servicing the Abbotsford area. With the experience of the larger companies we pride ourselves in our in depth knowledge of your pest problem. Even as an increasing number of commercial and residential structures are built throughout in Sydney suburb of Abbotsford, the foundations, landscaping, decks, outdoor wooden structures and more all become attraction points for various types of pests such as termites, cockroaches, ants, spiders, bed bugs etc. Understanding the Sydney climate and what breeds these pests, we believe we can provide your house with the most appropriate solution.\nWe at Inner West Exterminators are one of Sydney\u2019s leading company in this industry providing a high-quality pest control Abbotsford service to both residential as well as commercial clients. We go the extra mile to make sure that our clients are 100% satisfied the services we provide.\nWhat we believe our competitive edge is comes from being able to service Abbotsford as our vehicles are always close by. Having our vehicles fully stocked with any of the chemicals required to address any pest, our convenience is second to none.\nSometimes, even seemingly harmless insects or creatures like ants and pantry moths can do a lot of damage to food products and other items in your home. Cockroaches are another major menace and once they start breeding on your property, it can become very difficult to control them with basic pest control Abbotsford methods.\nWhy Hire A Inner West Pest Control Abbotsford?\nThis is why it becomes important to hire the services of a professional pest control Abbotsford company like us at Inner West Exterminator. When you hire us for any of your pest control requirements, you can rest assured that the insecticides, pesticides, baits and techniques we use are quick and effective in getting rid of different types of pests from your property.\nNon-Toxic Pest Control Products - While we are highly focused on providing very efficient pest control Abbotsford to our clients, we never compromise on the safety aspect. This is why the use environmentally safe, nontoxic, Ministry of Health-approved pest control products in all our projects.", "Many wealthy professionals and business persons apply for a second passport purely on the basis of being able to expand their businesses to all corners of the world. However, take a minute and consider the destination itself. For people who enjoy travel in particular, citizenship by investment in Dubai offers that one chance of not only gaining the freedom of travel but also being able to live in a home away from home, like it were a never ending holiday in the Caribbean.\nWith a second citizenship it is not only the primary applicant that is able to enjoy spectacular benefits. A spouse and children can accompany the main applicant and enjoy ample benefits which include education, healthcare and learning about a new culture. It is also good to remember that in terms of education, particularly in the European Union there are amazing opportunities for children to study and learn at prestigious schools.\nIf you currently reside in a country where there is social unrest, a second citizenship provides the opportunity to leave those circumstances behind. Many countries in the world are in the midst of political turmoil and unfair discrimination and people everywhere are looking for ways to improve their safety and security. A second citizenship in Dubai offers you a safe passage to build a life elsewhere, where there is economic growth and political stability.\nThere are no easier and quicker paths to obtaining a second passport currently than through the citizenship by Investment program. With political risk growing and deteriorating fiscal health, a second citizenship ensures there is another place to live, work and study and make the destination your second home.\nWe all want an opportunity to live in our dream destination, and the citizenship by investment program offers you this chance. It will not only open new doors for business professionals to expand and grow your business overseas, but it will also let you combine business with pleasure and take advantage of using your second home as a great vacationing and leisure spot.", "If you have any specific requirements or questions, please include them here to ensure we can provide the best accommodation experience for you.\nNestled in the centre of the Mt Buller Village, Buller Central is Mt Buller\u2019s newest ski-in ski-out property. Buller Central is located next to Mt Buller\u2019s main access lift \u2018Blue Bullet\u2019 and is a stone\u2019s throw from resort cafes, restaurants, ski hire outlets, supermarket, cinema and much more.\nBuller Central offers private accommodation featuring all new facilities including comfortable ensuite bathrooms, guest drying room, ski / board storage, shared living area and TV room.\nOur beautiful family rooms have a queen bed with two singles; bunk rooms have four single beds; both rooms styles have a lovely modern ensuite bathroom.\nPOWDER BAR open from 8:30am daily. Drop in for your pre ski coffee!\nBULLER CENTRAL HOTEL welcomes group reservations. Buller Central is the ideal setting for your special event. Our venue features a large dining room, spacious modern guest lounge and separate TV room. Group catering is also available to suit all taste and budgets.\nThe Mt Buller Snow Guarantee means you can book your snow holiday with confidence. The Snow Guarantee is a money-back guarantee on all prepaid accommodation, lift ticket, rental and lesson packages - less a 25% administration fee. The guarantee applies if insufficient snow cover means we don\u2019t have at least four of our \u2018Snow Guarantee\u2019 lifts operating in the two days before your scheduled arrival.\nAs the official on-mountain reservation service, all our properties are supported by this guarantee.", "Truck accidents can be devastating, as the force generated by a commercial vehicle, especially if it is hauling heavy weight, can lead to violent collisions.\nThis is doubly true when accidents involve tractor-trailers and other large vehicles. Often, these collisions result in death and catastrophic injuries, like broken bones, spinal cord injuries and brain injuries.\nIf you are ever involved in a violent truck accident, you should know that our attorney has obtained million dollar verdicts and settlements for victims and their family members.\nTruck accidents can occur for a number of reasons, including driver error, lack of truck maintenance, poorly loaded cargo, defective auto parts, improper weight, speeding and/or poor weather. In many cases, because of their devastation, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) investigates truck accidents.\nSadly, on December 2, two people were killed on westbound Interstate 24 north of downtown Nashville when a tractor-trailer heading eastbound crossed a median and hit a FedEx truck. Both trucks ended up catching on fire.\nAccording to WSMV-TV, it is unclear why the tractor-trailer crossed the median. The station reported that the Tennessee Department of Transportation is investigating the crash.\nAs we mentioned above, truck accidents can occur for a number of reasons\u2014this is why it is important to seek quality legal representation following a collision. You need to make sure that your crash is investigated thoroughly to determine if negligence played a role.\nIf our attorney decides to take on your case, he will do everything he can to make sure that you are fully compensated for your injuries and/or loss. God bless.\n\u201cBut God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.\n\u2190 Takata Airbag Recall: Has it Been Expanded?", "A collection of seven stylish maternity sewing patterns.\nThe best part about knowing how to sew is the ability to make your own maternity clothes! This kit include 7 of our most popular maternity sewing patterns including pants, dresses, tops and skirts. You will need something to do while waiting for that little one to arrive!\nKeep things stylishly simple in this casual loose-fitting shirt dress. A traditional collar and button up placket make this a great choice for office attire as well as everyday wear. Pleats at the waistline add extra room to move freely and comfortably.\nThese comfortable pants with wide knit cuffs will grow as your belly grows! The flared silhouette is fun and flattering.\nThese maternity pants will take you through until the end! They are also quite easy to make. They have a simple and slim silhouette and made out of stretch twill or gabardine, and then finished off with a wide stretch band.\nEvery mother-to-be needs a dress that they can put on with ease and flatters the baby bump, and this dress is it! Make in a nice silk to satin for a dressier look.\nThis tight fitting skirt is made of out stretch fabric so it is easy to make, wash and wear! The side seam gathers flatter the belly and can even be worn post baby bump.\nThis softly flowing empire-waisted dress will fit your growing curves like a glove, with an elasticated waist that adjusts to your figure and tie bands at the back that define your silhouette. The wrap style v neck bodice flatters the neckline while the bust is shaped with gathers for a flexible fit.\nThis v-neck maternity blouse resembles a sailor blouse with it\u2019s lack of buttons and present v-neck and lapels. You can also choose to lengthen the shirt to make it into a lovely maternity dress.", "Mother\u2019s day is slowly approaching; finding the right gift whether it is for your mom, grandma or wife can get complicated at times. My Gift Stop has an array of gifting items for these wonderful mothers in your life. Let\u2019s show some appreciation today by gifting our moms. Plus earn a chance of winning $300 Gift Card to complete your purchase below.\nMy Gift Stop is an online shop that offers luxury goods for men and women. They are dedicated to giving back to society. By donating 5% of every sale to the global medical relief nonprofit, Direct Relief.\nIf you are interested in shopping for great quality luxury watches for women My Gift Stop has something that you might like. With the pleasure of relaxing from the comfort of your home; My Gift Stop gives the freedom of shopping for gifts from their site. That last minute gift might not be last minute anymore. Check around My Gift Stop this Mother\u2019s Day for brand name sunglasses, handbags, shoes and more. You will find amazing prices and returns are made easy.\nWatch \u2013 you can never go wrong with a timepiece. Every mom loves checking the time as they wanna keep track of their daily activities.\nBags, Wallets, Purse \u2013 gifting a handbag/purse means everything to a mom as she can carry every little thing around that means much to her when on-the-go.\nJewelry \u2013 a bracelet, ring, earring or a pendant is a perfect jewelry to gift as this special mom will hold close to her heart.\nPerfumes \u2013 My Gift Stop offers low prices on perfumes; don\u2019t be afraid to shop for one or more. Every woman has a scent that they love and they are always searching for new scents.\nFeel free to browse around the website, My Gift Stop offers items for both men and women. You might find something for yourself too.\nmarketing emails. Email is never sold or shared.\nParticipant may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.\nI just registered in your website MyGiftStop.com. Its something interesting will check it out.", "When we feel our best, we can accomplish anything. We can train our bodies to be stronger, faster and more powerful, and although it takes hard work, like anything else in life, it's well worth your time and patience. My enthusiasm to empower others to stay active and move is inspired by everyday heros who didn't take the easy way out yet overcame struggles and defied obstacles.\nLife can be traumatic... I'm not being overdramatic... it's true that we endure a lot physically the moment we enter this world. Whether be at birth or from sports, work, motor vehicle accidents, aging or accidents that can occur without warning, like a fall, we endure lots of bumps along the way. By keeping our bodies active we work through old injuries and prevent illness and new injuries, especially those due to a sedentary lifestyle.\nI know that if the benefits of exercise could be put in a pill, it would be the most popular prescription around!\nSince the pill version is still pending, as a Kinesiologist I'll get you raving about a real exercise prescription!\nI'll work with the WIN Chiropractors and Physiotherapists to offer an extension of their treatment by way of an exercise prescription. Acting as your motivator, I'll guide you through your specific exercise prescription to help you get over your physical challenges and get on the fast track to recovery!\nBy adding Kinesiology to your care we'll work together with your health care team to develop strategies to overcome the factors that limit your capacity to move. Balancing the mechanics and anatomy of your body outside of treatments, you will undoubtably move through life and accomplish great things.\nI look forward to working with you to achieve your optimal health!", "An array is a data structure that contains a number of elements of the same type. An array is declared by defining the type of elements inside an array followed by empty brackets and a variable name. The array index starts with zero. The first element starts at 0th position. The last position of the array element will be the total number of items \u2013 1.\nWhere, datatype is used to specify the type of elements to be stored in an array. The [ ] specifies the rank of the array. The rank specifies the size of the array. arrayName specifies the name of the array.\nA multidimensional array can be fixed or dynamic in size. The following code snippet defines the multidimensional array with matrix 2x2.\nA multidimensional array items are represented in a matrix format. To access the elements user needs to define the matrix dimension. The following code snippet is used to define the access to members of an array.\nJagged Array is arrays of arrays. The elements of a jagged array are other arrays. While declaring jagged array, add two brackets. While initialization of array, first element is the size that defines the number of rows is set. The second brackets that define the number of elements inside the row are kept as every row has different number. The following code snippet is used to initialize the jagged array.\nParam arrays are used when the number of parameters is not fixed. It is useful when the number of parameters is to be accepted at run time.\nAn array is declared with brackets is a C# notation of using the Array class. Using the C# syntax, a new class deriving from the abstract base class Array is created. It is possible for the user to use the properties and methods defined in the Array class.\nThe Array class contains the following properties and methods that user can write for every array instance.\nThe Length property returns the number of elements inside the array. If the array is multidimensional array, user can get the number of elements of all ranks.\nThe Length property returns a int value, the LongLength returns the length into a long value.\nThe following table lists some of the methods of Array class.", "In connection with our bespoke Every Child a Rider initiative, Derby City Council, working alongside Cycle Derby, Bike Back Derby, SmothieBike and Livewell will be visiting the school on 30thApril at 3:20pmto support families, children and adults alike with options for cycle activities, plans and initiatives.\nThis will include a free cycle check (all free of charge).\nEach group will provide stalls with information about how you can access facilities in and around the local area that promote health lifestyles, access to activities, events and other resources. There will also be a brief presentation in the hall for those interested. There will be stands and representatives from each group and I strongly recommend that on this day you spare 20 minutes or more to see what is on offer.\nHow to access the free cycle check \u2013 it\u2019s simple!\nDo you ever worry if your child\u2019s brakes work correctly, if the tyres need replacing or worried about that knocking noise when you peddle? Well, these checks will give piece of mind and advice to inform you if something is unsafe. Maybe, if it is a simple adjustment, something can be done there and then.\nThe offer is open to all adults and children alike. So if your bike has been left in the shed for a while and you want to get out on it as the weather improves, then bring it along.\nBrush the cobwebs of the bike and get it out of the shed.\nBring it to school at either 0845 and lock it up in the designated area, or bring it along at 3:20pm and take it to the designated checking area.\nCycle home knowing your bike is safe.\nI look forward to seeing as many of you as possible, with cylces, on the day. This really is a great opportunity to engage In a wealth of support and ensure that you and your child are safe!", "09 June 2017 marks the start of the construction of the first B'laan tribe-inspired birthing home.\nFollowing the B\u2019laan custom of starting new endeavors on a full moon and while the sun is rising, the Groundbreaking Ceremonies of the ALAGA KA Landan Birthing Home were held on the full moon day of 09 June 2017 from 6 to 8 o\u2019clock in the morning.\nThe ceremony started with a Damsu, a B\u2019laan ritual of prayer and offering presided by the tribal chieftain; followed by the usual breaking of the ground and the lowering of a time capsule which contains mementos such as the ALAGA KA Birthing Home\u2019s architectural plans, list of donors, and a front page of a newspaper published on 09 June 2017.\nDOH RO-12 Regional Director Dr. Francisco Mateo; South Cotabato PHO Dr. Rogelio Aturdido; Polomolok Councilor on Health Ms. Melanie Deypalan who represented Mayor Matti; Polomolok MHO Dr. Edwin Dipus; Landan Brgy. Chairman Mr. Jerry Ante; United Architect of the Philippines (UAP) SOCKSARGEN Chapter President Ar. Michael Garronita; Indigenous People Mandatory Representative (IPMR)-Board Member Mr. Edgar Sambog; HFI Executive Director Becks M. Galvez Tan, the Blaan elders, barangay council and members of the community of Landan all participated in the ceremonies.\nThe ALAGA KA Landan Birthing Home is one of the very few culturally sensitive Birthing Homes in the Philippines, incorporating the B\u2019laan way of life in its architectural design, to provide quality health care that accommodates B\u2019laan traditions for pregnant mothers.\nThe construction of the facility led by UAP SOCKSARGEN with consultations from the B\u2019laan elders is expected be completed by September 2017, ready to serve a population of at least 6,380 B\u2019laan tribe members.", "Two reports contribute to an undertaking by the European Union (EU) and the Lao Peoples\u2019 Democratic Republic (PDR) to initiate joint assessments to provide a baseline for, and inform progress of, their process to negotiate a Voluntary Partnership Agreement (VPA) on forest law enforcement, governance and trade (FLEGT).\nIn October 2016, the EU and Lao PDR proposed a joint assessment of the current situation in Lao PDR to provide a baseline to jointly monitor and review progress through to the end of the VPA process. Based on a scoping exercise that identified a number of focal areas, several priority assessments were agreed. The EU FLEGT Facility has released the executive summary of two of these assessments that focuses on two of these priorities.\nThe first report reviews the reforms and national initiatives related to FLEGT in Laos PDR. It notes that the FLEGT VPA negotiating process is actively contributing to a dynamic policy environment for forests and forest products. It stresses that the VPA process has the opportunity to inform the numerous reforms that are occurring in several relevant sectors.\nThe report identifies key reforms and initiatives with implication for the VPA process where opportunities for synergies already exist or may appear in the future. It also lists key strategies and plans that intersect with the VPA process.\nThe second report focuses on the review of data on import and export of timber and timber products. It presents findings from a review and comparison of data and information on import and export of timber and timber products in Lao PDR. It characterises the processes that apply to the management and use of such data. The report also contributes to improved understanding of the market context of the VPA, and the importance of reliable and timely information to support decision making.\nThe report outlines recommended actions to: improve the quality of customs data; improve the quality and consistency of export data; and mitigate discrepancies between Laos\u2019 data and that of trading partners and global repositories.", "The Bay Area\u2019s homeless crisis ranks among the most severe in the United States, according to a groundbreaking new study the Bay Area Council Economic Institute released Wednesday (April 10), with research and data provided by McKinsey & Company. The study for the first time provides a comprehensive, fact-based analysis of homelessness across the nine-county Bay Area. It dispels longstanding myths, sheds light on the nuanced complexities of the problem, and aims to equip regional leaders with practical solutions for accelerating progress to support those most in need.\nThe study was the lead front page story in all the major Bay Area newspapers, was featured in the New York Times\u2019 California edition and other national news outlets and attracted coverage from every TV and radio station in the region. Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf joined Bay Area Council Chair and Kaiser Permanente CEO Bernard J. Tyson Wednesday at a roundtable discussion on the report findings and recommendations that included homelessness leaders from across the region. The report was made possible by Tyson\u2019s leadership along with that of Kausik Rajgopal, Bay Area Council Economic Institute Advisory Board Chair and West Coast Managing Partner for McKinsey, and Gary Meltzer, Chair of the Bay Area Council\u2019s Homelessness Task Force and Managing Partner for PwC. Our sincere thanks to St. Vincent de Paul of Alameda and Executive Director Blase Bova for hosting the event.\nAccording to the report, more than 28,000 people\u2014a population as large or larger than 50 of the region\u2019s 101 cities\u2014across the nine-county Bay Area suffer from homelessness, making the region\u2019s homeless population the third largest in the country behind only New York and Los Angeles. The Bay Area also has among the highest level of unsheltered homeless in the country, with 67 percent living on the streets, in tents or cars, among other places. To engage in the Council\u2019s homelessness policy work, please contact Vice President Adrian Covert.", "Want to fulfill your dream of becoming an auditor? Is assignment writing a major hurdle in your academic success? Looking for auditing assignment help? You have come to the right place. We at livewebtutors.com are ready to assist you in your auditing assignments to save your valuable time and to help you in enhancing academic performance.\nAuditing has a supreme place in the field of accounting and finance. Students are given assignments on auditing to evaluate their capabilities and competencies related to audit topics as they have to become a successful auditor in future. Auditing helps in assessing the profit or loss of an organization. It evaluates the authenticity of the information provided in the balance sheet and accounts books of the organization. In fact, there are many types of auditing such as external audit, internal audit, tax audit, forensic audit and many others. You can get the explanation on the importance of auditing by availing our Auditing assignment help services.\nHow our subject-oriented experts provide auditing assignment help?\nWe are serving the students in writing assignments so that they can excel in their academic career. We cover all the topics of auditing to provide the best assignments. Some of the important topics include principles of accounting, the process of auditing, the importance of auditing, role of an auditor and other concepts.\nWe have a panel of more than 3000 professional writers who hold PH.D. degree in various specialized fields and possess many years of experience in writing the highest quality content for auditing assignments. If you are searching for auditing assignment help, we are here assist you.\nGet in touch with us and eliminate your trouble& for My Assignment Help& of writing auditing assignments.", "Welcome to the Web-Site of the International Association for Binocular Vision (IVBS)!\nWhat is the IVBS and what are its goals?\nThe International Association for Binocular Vision (IVBS) is an association registered in Switzerland, in which members of different professional groups work together on an interdisciplinary basis towards the goal of achieving optimum vision. These include ophthalmologists, optometrists, ophthalmic opticians, orthoptists, speech therapists, school psychologists, teachers and others.\nUnimpaired binocular vision is an important prerequisite for optimum vision. As long ago as the mid-1950s, this awareness led Hans-Joachim Haase to think about new measuring techniques, making him a pioneer in the field of binocular fullcorrection. Today, the methodology developed in this context is known as MKH (Measuring and Correcting Methodology after H.-J. Haase).\nOver a period of more than 40 years, the success of MKH has shown that unimpaired binocular vision mostly can be achieved by prismatic fullcorrection of any existing associated phoria. It is therefore the declared goal of the IVBS to propagate the MKH and to incorporate new scientific knowledge in its ongoing enhancement.\nThis goal is pursued not only by means of the annual congresses held by the IVBS, but also by various regional events which anyone interested is cordially invited to attend.\nThe IVBS\u2019s aim is to promote the uniform and correct application of the MKH. Therefore the 'Guidelines for the Application of the MCH' can be downloaded for free by clicking here as Adobe PDF-File. Some publications in English you can find here.", "In late July of 2014, I had the privilege of meeting nearly 1000 women from 31 villages living in the Teso region of Soroti, Uganda who are partnered with a remarkable ministry, Beauty for Ashes Uganda. BFAU exists to empower and encourage these women by helping to meet both their immediate and long term sustainable needs, as well as communicating to each woman that she is SEEN, she is LOVED and she is full of VALUE because she is a daughter of God!\nBFAU has constructed cooperatives for each village as their primary means to empower these mamas towards long term sustainability for their families. These cooperatives provide a team structure in which the women support one another emotionally and spiritually, as well as administratively and financially towards the growth of their homesteads and businesses. The women who have joined the cooperatives of BFAU comprise of widowed and abandoned single mothers and grandmothers who are often living in poverty and caring for large numbers of children, both their own and orphaned children.\nBFAU isn't a missions program and my time in Uganda wasn't a missions trip. As it is stated on their website, everything being done through BFAU is simply an organic, radical \"act of love gone awry.\" BFAU results from hearts that overflow with Jesus' love and are willing to follow wherever that current takes them.\nWant to know about more ways to help support these mamas and join this current of Jesus love? Join a Village, Become an Advocate, or Fund a Project!\nWant to know more about my two week trip and the sweet, individual stories the mamas shared with me? Check out my Uganda 2014 Blog for details!\nDon't forget to also check fellow writers Kezia McNab and Sammi Horne's amazing stories they compiled as well!\nOr click on the album for a visual of our time with our Sisterhood in Soroti, Uganda!\nAnd finally, don't forget to praise God for all the amazing work He's doing with these women by checking out this awesome worship song led by the Amoru Village Worship Band!", "Qualifax fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to Qualifax will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.\nQualifax does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer for example by e-mailing us or by creating a User Account. We take every precaution to protect the confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with Data Protection Legislation.\nAll personal information placed on the server under User Accounts is held on the server and is never accessed by Qualifax or its programmers. The only way to access the information is by the user logging in and using their own password and login. These too are stored on the server but are encrypted The data is stored for the clients use for a period of two years after last usage, at which stage it is automatically deleted.\nThe site is implemented using PHP on an Apache web server. PHP sessions are used to track User Account input between pages and the session data is stored temporarily on the web server. A cookie is used for session management and is deleted when your browser is closed.\nQualifax will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of the Qualifax never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by Qualifax, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute \"personal data\" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.", "Alpha 15 Experimental is out!\nClick on the drop down menu that reads \"NONE-opt out of all betas\"\nThread: Alpha 15 Experimental is out!\nLast edited by The Fun Pimp; 09-19-2016 at 08:32 PM.\nWhy did you not \"cheers\" ?\nYou are correct I edited it I must say Cheers!\nThanks guys. Y'all are the best. Can't wait to play this monster when I get home tonight. Will be thinking about it all day lol.\nHello Richard, thank you for the update. I am already downloading, I decided to go with clean install because I modded my game just before the update lol. Anyway, I have a question, will there also be A15 experimental u52 ? Thanks. Oh and I hope you and Joel will keep playing together, from all Joel's videos I mostly enjoyed the ones where you and him played together!\nThe item \"clawHammerSchematic\" teaches the recipe \"clawHammerSchematic\". Should be \"clawHammer\"\nThat is the only error my configuration checker found.\nLast edited by GIDustin; 09-16-2016 at 01:16 AM.\nWe are hoping we don't need a u52 as our early tests have Mac and Linux running fine.\nThat means no way to craft claw hammer unless we edit the config?\nwell seems A15 has affected my mouse as soon as I log into the game my mouse looks goes straight to the ground at least the bush I am staring at looks good . I did catch a glimpse of the distant terrain before my toon decided to look at the ground LOL seems I have had this problem before and managed to fix it but I forget how any help ??????\nDo you have a gamepad plugged in?\nUsing the infamous \"glitch\" now shows a scrambled meaningless view of what is underground?", "At EVENT PAPA, we are bringing the Apple iMac on Rent in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon for you. Excellent Retina show, smooth screen, combined with remote info, show choice, beat processors, design, in-fabricated application and capacity all inside a fantastically thin, perfect walled in area.\nApple iMac Desktop can be utilized by somebody who wishes to attempt the flavor without additional costs. EVENT PAPA is the pioneer as far as offering Apple iMac Desktop on Rent in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon to industry, organization, training foundations, and so forth. The extensive variety of Apple Desktop and iMac on Rent in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon is accessible to arrange, with a couple clicks, telephone call and an email. You can enlist these Apple items for transient or long haul necessity, according to your business needs.\nWith quite a while of experience, we can give the most forward and most appropriate Apple iMac on Rent or on contract in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon. Our Company Serve in the Rental Industry for Last 10 Years and we have run past that with our interesting and extra bolster administrations.\nApple iMac Desktop and Laptop is the best as far as execution. On the off chance that you discover troubles to choose which one, to decide to, you can likewise call our master professionals, they would love to unravel your questions. At EVENT PAPA, our outstanding choice incorporates a RAM update choice, elite programming, hard drives, and remote controls, remote info, show alternative and the sky is the limit from there. Our iMac Laptop and Desktop arrangement is accessible with finish overhauled programming and in-constructed application only for you.\nWe simply made it available, to utilize their cutting-edge and most current scope of creative Apple iMac on Rent in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon. Our conveyance administration is speedy or more the check, you simply need to call us to contract or lease an Apple iMac on Rent in Delhi, Noida and Gurgaon.", "Basement renovation is one of the most popular ways to increase living space while keeping home renovation expenditures to a minimum. Basement finishing utilizes space that is already there; for family rooms, hobby rooms, play rooms, media centers, music rooms, exercise areas, office space, or additional bedrooms. At J.M. Grove, we make the design and installation process easy and fun. Our knowledgeable professionals will guide you through the process and offer the most trusted brands in the industry with a reputation for durability and beauty so you can enjoy your new basement renovation for many years to come. Build off of our knowledge, start customizing a basement as unique as your home.\nThinking about a beautiful finished basement? A custom designed basement by J.M. Grove can fulfill anyone's needs. First determine the main purpose your basement renovation will be. Watching the children play in the TV room or entertaining your family and friends at your indoor T.V. media room, sports bar or second kitchen complete with a refrigerator, stove and gathering area. The next step is determining a layout for your basement remodel. The task can be overwhelming, and a good way to begin is by determining the activities that'll likely take place in the space. Looking at pictures or at what others have done with their basement renovation always helps jump-start the imagination.Keep in mind that the basement will have little or no natural light so consider this when planning the layout. Slowly but surely this space will spring to life and you'll wonder how you ever lived without it! It's important to identify \"trouble\" spots such as lowered ceilings, enclosed boiler rooms, ductwork, and possible moisture leak. Uncontrolled moisture will cause a number of dangerous and damaging problems including the growth of mold. Speak to a J.M. Grove representative to determine the best layout for your basement finishing project.", "Our range of products include role play toys, thirsty crow story poster, sink - kids toys, hit and jump - kids toy, kitchen toy play set - kids toys and water sand & clay - kids toy.\nWe are instrumental in serving to our customers with an excellent quality range of Role Play Toys with respect to dimensions, striking designs, and amazing colors to meet their specific needs.\nTo meet the diversified requirements of our prestigious clients, we are engaged in offering Thirsty Crow Story Poster. Our story poster is designed using finest quality material & painted in such a way that it depicts whole story of crow. This story poster is thoroughly inspected on a series of parameters to ensure its optimum quality. We offer this story poster at reasonable rates within stipulated period of time.\nOwing to our domain expertise and market credibility, we provide a qualitative range of Sink. The offered sink is available in various innovative shapes & sizes as per customer\u2019s choices. Our competent workforce crafts this sink using premium quality raw material in order to maintain set market standards. Besides this, the offered sink is checked on diverse parameters so as to ensure its excellence.\nWe have marked a distinct and rich position in the market by providing a high quality assortment of Stove. Our stove is designed using superior grade material & modern techniques keeping track of set industrial standards. Additionally, our quality controllers keep an eye on this stove at every stage of production avoiding any possible flaw. Our offered stove is available in varied modified options as per variegated needs of our clients.\nwe are offering Animal Hand Puppets. we provide this set in different sizes, finishes and specifications in accordance with clients requirements. it is also known as hand puppet.\nwe are offering Kitchen Set. we are provide this set in different sizes, finishes and specifications in accordance with clients requirements.\nwe are offering Water Sand & Clay Toy Set. we are provide this set in different sizes, finishes and specifications in accordance with clients requirements.\nWe are offering Elephant Slide. we provide different sizes, finishes and specifications in accordance with clients requirements. It is also known as kids outdoor furniture & plastic playground equipment.\nLooking for Role Play Toys ?", "Some of my favorite authors, historical or fiction, are those who knew their writings would land them in jail, their careers would be destroyed or worse. I figured these people meant what they said and they felt strongly enough about it that they wrote it anyway, knowing in advance what was going to happen to them.\nIn this political season surrounded by folks who are all too willing to say one thing and mean (or even do) another, it\u2019s refreshing to think about people who are true to their beliefs. Anyone who is not, I would characterize as a faker or a fraud. In the free market healthcare movement, I think we will have to be increasingly on our guard for who the fakers and frauds are. They are people who could be characterized, very fairly, as opportunists. There are people that are all too willing to wear the badge of a \u201cfree marketer\u201d or someone who is a big fan of free markets and price transparency, all the while fleecing an employer they may be working for, or not following Jay Kempton\u2019s pillars of the Free Market Medical Association.\nI think that we have to be on guard for these folks. I think we also need to be on guard for well-intentioned efforts, like those of governments at all levels that want to mandate price transparency. We have to be very aware that these efforts, although well-intentioned, might create many more fakers and frauds. I believe that if there are mandates for price transparency, it will provide an opportunity for legislators to auction off exemptions. These opportunists will be all too happy to buy exemptions to these price mandates, particularly if it is to their advantage and it always will be.\nWe need to be on the lookout for fakers and frauds and we need to hold up and honor those who are true to what they say. Particularly those that know there are consequences and risks for having done so.", "The Common Linnets are Dutch Pop stars Ilse Delange and Waylon. Together they found a new and exciting challenge in expressing their love for Country music. The Common Linnets represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014 with the song \"Calm After The Storm\".\nThe Common Linnets are Ilse Delange (World Of Hurt [MOVLP938,] After The Hurricane [MOVLP1011]) and Waylon. Together they found a new and exciting challenge in expressing their love for Country music. Their mission was writing real Country music, stripped of all unnecessary trappings, and inspired by such greats as Emmylou Harris and Johnny Cash, but also West coast stars like Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young and James Taylor.\nWriting brought Ilse and Waylon to the epicenter of Country music, Nashville, where both Ilse and Waylon feel very much at home. American songwriters Rob Crosby, Matthew Crosby and Jake Etheridge soon came on board, after which Dutch singer-songwriter Daniel Lohues and Dutch producer JB Meijers rounded out the team.\nThe album consists of thirteen emotional songs that deal with hurt and misfortune, but also with hope, comfort and love. In their purity and sincerity, expressed in heavenly harmonies.\nThe Common Linnets represented the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest this year with the song \"Calm After The Storm\". This song has already reached the number 1 spot in the Dutch charts and gained popularity in various European countries like Sweden, Estonia, Norway among others, selling 10.000 copies in the process.\nCheck out www.thecommonlinnets.com for more information.", "Earlier today, the 2020 Jeep Gladiator was revealed, two weeks before the LA Auto Show. Official pictures and a spec sheet were posted on the FCA\u2019s official media site but were only up a few minutes.\nThe world is getting a real Jeep Wrangler pickup and it\u2019s all we wished it to be. From the B-pillar forward, it looks like the 2018 Jeep Wrangler JL model. The Gladiator has a sharp 90-degree angle in the roof behind the back seats, straight down to a clean looking bed. It has an open fender flare giving it the look ready to charge the trails. We will see solid Dana axles front and back with available locking differentials, optional electronic sway-bar disconnect, and water forging up to 30 inches. Regular models will come with the Jeep\u2019s Command-Trac four-wheel-drive system, while the Jeep Gladiator Rubicon trim will have the Rock-Trac setup. Power trains will be the same as the Wrangler, with the 3.6-liter, 285 horsepower Pentastar V-6 available with 8-speed automatic or 6-speed manual. We will see a 3.0-liter diesel in 2020 sometime.\nThe Jeep Gladiator will have a tow capacity of 7,650 pounds and haul 1,600 pounds in its five-foot steel bed. This would make the Jeep Gladiator best in the midsize pickup class. Woo Hoo! We haven\u2019t seen any information yet regarding the possibility of any single or extended cab options, only the four-door crew cab.\nThe spec sheets states that the Jeep Gladiator will have a premium soft top and two options for the hard top creating the only true open-air 4\u00d74 pickup truck. The release delivers dozens of door, top and windshield combinations. This information just entices us to sit closer to the edge of our seats. The shorter wheelbase of the Jeep Gladiator will make it a beast off-road.", "More than 60,000 ballots went missing in Adams County, but the clerk \u2014 whose own ballot was among those \u2014 says they have been located and are on their way to voters.\nAdams County elections officials said Tuesday the estimated 61,000 ballots are in the hands of the U.S. Postal Service. That\u2019s a fourth of the county\u2019s registered voters.\nThe delay stretches back to Oct. 15, when the county\u2019s print vendor dropped off Adams County ballots at a mail facility.\nAt the time, roughly 61,000 ballots were returned to an unspecified secure location and didn\u2019t make it into the mail stream, according to a statement posted online by Adams County Clerk and Recorder Stan Martin.\nThe ballots were found after hearing from voters who didn\u2019t get ballots, Martin\u2019s statement said. The ballots have been handed over to the postal service and delivery will happen during the next few days.\nThe statement said Martin\u2019s ballot was among those that failed to make it to the mail stream on time.\nThe ZIP codes impacted most are: 80241, 80601, 80602, 80640 and 80011, the clerk and recorder\u2019s office said.\nAdams County, the fifth most populous county in Colorado, had 243,227 active registered voters in September, according to Secretary of State data.\nThe missing ballots impacted voters with both major parties, unaffiliated voters and third-party voters.\nThese ratios are consistent with party affiliation percentages throughout Adams County, the statement said.", "Bx5 Services Ltd. Head office in Dartford. Check Director.\nBx5 Services Ltd is a private limited company. Formerly, it was called Sequentis Limited (it was changed on 2019-02-25). Registered at 9 Eynsford Road, Farningham, Dartford DA4 0BD, the aforementioned 1 year old firm was incorporated on 2017-05-31 and is officially classified as \"combined office administrative service activities\" (Standard Industrial Classification: 82110).\n1 director can be found in the business: Pieter B. (appointed on 31 May 2017). When it comes to the secretaries (1 in total), we can name: Leandra V. (appointed on 31 May 2017).\nThe deadline for Bx5 Services Ltd confirmation statement filing is 2019-06-13. The most current one was filed on 2018-05-30. The target date for a subsequent accounts filing is 29 February 2020. Latest accounts filing was filed for the time period up to 31 May 2018.\n2 persons of significant control are listed in the official register, namely: Pieter B. who owns 1/2 or less of shares, 1/2 or less of voting rights. Leandra V. who owns 1/2 or less of shares.\nAD01 New registered office address 9 Eynsford Road Farningham Dartford DA4 0BD. Change occurred on April 16, 2018. Company's previous address: Unit 2 Ellandaye House the Shore Northfleet Gravesend DA11 9AL United Kingdom.", "Ty Jerome announced Monday via Instagram that he will enter the NBA Draft and sign with an agent.\nThe 6-foot-5 junior guard just helped lead UVA Basketball to its first national title, averaging 16.5 points and 6.0 assists per game in the NCAA Tournament, scoring in double-digits in all six of Virginia\u2019s tourney games, including a 24-point effort against Purdue in the Elite Eight and a team-high 21 against Auburn in the Final Four.\nIn the championship, Jerome recorded 16 points, six rebounds and eight assists.\nFor the season, Jerome averaged 13.6 points, 4.2 rebounds and 5.5 assists this season and was a second-team All-ACC selection. He shot 43.5 percent from the floor and 39.9 percent from three.\n\u201cThe last three years at Virginia have been everything I could have dreamed of in a college experience,\u201d Jerome wrote on his Instagram post. \u201cWhen Coach Bennett recruited me he said he would never stop challenging me to improve, on and off the court \u2013 and he meant it. He did that every single day, and he made me a better basketball player and better man. I am eternally grateful to him and the entire coaching staff, and fans. I also want to give a special thank you to our strength coach, coach Curtis and our athletic trainer, Ethan Saliba; the best in the business!\nJerome is projected as a late first-round or early second-round pick in the NBA Draft, which takes place June 20. His standout junior season has certainly helped his draft stock. Jerome showed the ability to play both on the ball and as a shooting guard, and his leadership on the court was invaluable throughout the season.\nWith Jerome officially declaring and De\u2019Andre Hunter likely to follow suit, the Cavaliers will have to replace two of their top three scorers next season. Jerome is the first player to declare early since Justin Anderson in 2015.", "Surya Mumbai MUM-2318 Area Rug 9'3\" x 12'3\"\n9'3\" x 12'3\" The Mumbai Area Rug MUM-2318 by Surya. 100% Polypropylene, Machine Woven, Medium Pile, Pile Height: 0.26\"\nSurya Crafty Classic Blue CRT-2319 Area Rug, Rectangular 9'x12'3\"\nSurya Mesopotamia MEP-2314 Area Rug 9' x 12'3\"\n9' x 12'3\" The Mesopotamia Area Rug MEP-2314 by Surya. 100% Polypropylene, Machine Woven, Medium Pile, Pile Height: 0.39\"\nSurya Quatro QUA-2307 Area Rug 9'3\" x 12'3\"\n9'3\" x 12'3\" The Quatro Area Rug QUA-2307 by Surya. 60% Polypropylene,40% Polyester, Machine Woven, High Pile / Low Pile, Pile Height: 0.3\"\nSurya Mesopotamia MEP-2305 Area Rug 9' x 12'3\"\n9' x 12'3\" The Mesopotamia Area Rug MEP-2305 by Surya. 100% Polypropylene, Machine Woven, Medium Pile, Pile Height: 0.39\"\nSurya Bahar BHR-2312 Area Rug 9'3\" x 12'3\"\n9'3\" x 12'3\" The Bahar Area Rug BHR-2312 by Surya. 60% Polypropylene,40% Polyester, Machine Woven, High Pile / Low Pile, Pile Height: 0.39\"", "Hargo has empathetic band mates who help make his songs their own. With more exposure, the group has the potential to make an impact across -- and beyond -- San Diego County.\nThe 14-year-old girl from Chandigarh has broken the glass ceiling. She is one of the few, and definitely the youngest, female dhol player around.\nMontreal-based Sikh-Canadian artist talks about what makes a good MC and compares beats to \"bears\" and \"twinks.\"\nIn the recordings, the deep spirituality of the ardaas is felt in shabads like \"hey sansaar taap harnay\" (GGS:1358) as the angelic voices sing in perfect harmony to effortless changes in taal (beat).\nParvyn Kaur Singh is bubbly despite exhaustion. The Melbourne-based Sikh-Aussie singer has just finished her ''day job'' leading hordes of schoolchildren through modern dance basics.\nShe learned music from her father and started singing at the age of six. Other than exploring different styles of music like Punjabi and Indian classical, Western classical and world music, she is also known for her Sufi songs.\nDya Singh\u2019s quest for distinctly Sikh world-music which appeals to the universal music ear, continues. Meeting Craig Pruess and working with him has given a further musical dimension to this work in progress.\nThe young follow Dya Singh, the minstrel, around as they would the Pied Piper of lore, to get his autograph, talk to him, or just throw a high-five with him.\nReady with the release of their eight album, Urban Turban, Cornershop\u2019s songwriting force Tjinder Singh talks about its Punjabi influences and elements.", "Nuts like Almonds, Cashew, Walnuts are particularly great for our wellbeing, as they are stacked with various Vitamins, Minerals, Proteins, and different supplements your body requires. Picking the best of its quality is vital to receive their genuine rewards for your great wellbeing and purchasing, as well as safeguarding them for a more drawn out period is likewise vital. Putting away them is the principle concern the vast majority of the general population confront and in the event that you likewise don\u2019t know how to protect it the correct route, along these lines, here we are with some of our tips. Investigate and store your nuts the correct route without influencing their freshness and taste.\nOne of the vital things you have to remember to store the nuts right way is, dependably keep them in cool and dry conditions. They get harmed when effortlessly connect with the dampness, in this way, dependably keep them in a water/air proof holder in cool and dry conditions to guarantee their long timeframe of realistic usability and save their taste.\nIf you leave your nuts open, along these lines, they effectively ingest the smell of the material around them and get harmed in the majority of the conditions, hence, it is vital to store them in sealed shut holders.\nWhether you acknowledge it or not, but rather is a verified actuality that nuts, particularly almonds if put away in the cooler or icebox, so they can stay as it is up to a year. Solidifying won\u2019t let them lose their taste and keep them new for a more extended period.\nHumidity is the genuine enemy of nuts; they influence their life as well as taste too. Subsequently, you shouldn\u2019t keep them in a sticky climate to save their freshness and delightful taste.\nSeal The Bag: If you purchase broiled nuts, in this way, you need to keep them far from interacting with the oxygen, hence, it is prudent to keep them in vacuum packs or seal them appropriately to secure their time span of usability.\nPrevious PostBrisk and Healthy Pasta Salad Recipes For Your Next Brunch Next PostHot Off The Grill Foods Are Truly The Best!", "Not long now. At the end of May, Primavera Sound 2017 kicks off in Barcelona.\nOnce again the team behind the whole thing have put together one of the biggest and best line-ups of the summer.\nAhead of it all happening, we\u2019ve asked a handful of artists playing this year\u2019s festival to take a scan down the line-up poster and put together a guest playlist of their favourite acts who\u2019re also on the bill.\nFirst up, Julia Jacklin will be making her debut at the festival. She\u2019s playing on Thursday 1 June on the Adidas Originals Stage.\nYou can listen to her gust mix below via Apple Music or Spotify, whichever you prefer. Before that, Julia\u2019s written some words about her selections.\nThis was probably my favourite song of last year. At least the one I listened to the most. Made me consider changing genres a few times. Or at least having a side project.\nPlayed a lot of the songs off this record when I did 3-hour corner-of-the-bar acoustic gigs. Dark times but great songs to play.\nI remember asking my piano teacher to teach me this when I was 16. She didn\u2019t seem shocked by those lyrics coming out of my mouth, but maybe she just wasn\u2019t paying attention.\nApparently this is written about Julian\u2019s [Ehrlich, drummer and singer] grandfather after he died. After I heard that, it really moved me. Just a really bittersweet but beautiful song about losing someone.\nJust music that makes you feel better. Makes me feel like I should write some heavier music just to see what it feels like to play.\nJust a beautifully crafted song. Great production, beautiful voice. A great Australian musician.\nThis is just my kind of song. Specific lyrics. Beautiful melody. Late introduction of the band. No frills, just perfect.\nGreat bass, really like the bass, and the female backing vocals are epic. Also wish the music video was mine.\nI think this was the first Angel Olsen song I heard. Really like the production on this one. And the line that says either, \u201cI want to be the bed you miss\u201d or \u201cmess\u201d both work and it\u2019s beautiful.", "Beautiful Streetsboro condo I staged is now in contract.\nAs a qualified local real estate agent, Jorunn Stimbra can help you buy your dream home in Hudson, OH. I'm here to get your search started with viable properties that meet your list of requirements. Let me put my experience to work for you and help you make a great deal on your favorite home.\nWhether you're a single buyer or part of a group of investors, you need a real estate agent who knows the Hudson area to get the great deal you're looking for. Contact Jorunn Stimbra today to find out more about how I can benefit your bottom line.\nReal estate transactions can be complex, and as a buyer, you deserve the help and representation from an agent who will have your best interests in mind. At Jorunn Stimbra, our goal is to make the process of buying a new property as straightforward and hassle-free as possible. As a buyer agent in Hudson, OH, we're at your service, no matter the scope of your transaction.\nWhether you're looking to purchase your first home, a vacation home, or a rental home, Jorunn Stimbra has you covered. As an established real estate agent in Hudson, OH, buying homes is our specialty, and we'll work hard to ensure that your experience with us is a positive one all around.\nIf you're in the market for a new home, you may want to consider a foreclosure. Buying a foreclosure gives you a great opportunity to snag a terrific home at an unbeatable price. But to navigate the foreclosure market in Hudson, OH, you need a reliable real estate agent at your side, and that's where we come in.\nSelling a home in Hudson, OH, can happen without the added stress when you work with Jorunn Stimbra to seal the deal. I operate a homes for sale agency that can support your real estate transaction from start to finish. Let me know what your requirements are, and I'll get started planning your home sale right away.\n\u00a9 Jorunn Stimbra. All rights reserved.", "When my daughter was born I used soft baby blue, lilac and a hint of rose in her room and loved the non tradition of it! Pink is the go to color for everything created to care for your newborn girl. From bottles, clothing and on to room decor. Breaking traditions are hard! Why? It\u2019s not easy to find baby items in certain colors, but when you do\u2026 run with it! This little strawberry blonde in soft lilac florals is gorgeous! It\u2019s really fun to have a mom request a different color, especially when she trusts me and allows me to create art with her babies images. The newborn girl photo ideas that come from that creative flow, recharges the right brain creative side of me. I love sharing with you the results.\nWelcome to the world, this tiny little miss\u2026.\nWeighing 7 pounds, 5 ounces of pure perfection\u2026.\nSharon is welcomed to the world with a beautiful family to love!!\nThis might be my favorite sleepy image of a newborn girl( for the moment) !!\nSharon is lovely, thank you for trusting me with the most precious gift you will ever receive, new life.\nThis past week I mentored with a newborn photographer that I admire, blog post soon to come\u2026. ! There is nothing like the challenge of learning new styles, flow of session or newborn handling techniques to recharge my creativeness with newborn and maternity images. I want to bring to Gainesville FL families the best newborn photography possible.\nIf you are expecting and hope to have timeless and still fresh newborn portraits for the art you display in your home, I\u2019m booking into October of 2018 (what is in our water\u2026..!) It\u2019s never too early to make contact and insure your babies due date is available.\nLovin\u2019 the Light specializes in Maternity & Newborn Photography Gainesville FL, creating fresh art and newborn girl photo ideas in Gainesville FL.", "THR is reporting Robert Downey Jr. will star in The Voyage of Doctor Dolittle, based on the character from the 1920s series of children\u2019s books by Hugh Lofting. Stephen Gaghan (Syriana, Gold) will direct the film based on a script he wrote, with an earlier draft by Tom Shepherd.\nIn a competitive situation, Universal won the rights to the hot package after it hit the town and garnered multiple bids from studios last week.\nJoe Roth and Jeff Kirschenbaum will produce for their Roth/Kirschenbaum Films alongside Susan Downey for Team Downey.\nDoctor Dolittle first hit the bit screen in the 1967 musical Doctor Dolittle, directed by Richard Fleischer. It was written by Leslie Bricusse based on Hugh Lofting's novels: The Story of Doctor Dolittle, The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle and Doctor Dolittle's Circus. The story follows the eccentric Doctor John Dolittle, a former physician who lives with and treats animals, claiming that he can communicate with them.\nThe 1967 film, which was a musical, was not well received at the time, but was nominated for an Oscar for best picture and won for best original song and visual effects. Another Dr. Dolittle film was released in 1998 and starred Eddie Murphy in the titular role. The Fox film was a success and resulted in four sequels, although several went direct-to-video.\nDowney was most recently seen as Tony Stark in Captain America: Civil War and Avengers: Age of Ultron. He will reprise the role in the upcoming Spider-Man: Homecoming and Avengers: Infinity War.\nGaghan won an Oscar for writing Steven Soderbergh\u2019s Traffic. He also wrote and directed Syriana, and most recently wrote and director Gold, starring Matthew McConaughey.", "Present collaborations are CDF, CMS, FOCUS, DONUT, LUX, Double Chooz and LBDUSEL.\nCDF, CMS, DZero, FOCUS, DONUT, LBDUSEL, E706, E653 and other earlier experiments.\nNine faculty (including two active emeriti), three senior researchers, six postdocs and more than a dozen students take part in work at Fermilab. Many of them live on site.\nFounding member of U.S. CMS, contributing to Endcap Muons and Forward Pixels work. UC Davis is one of the largest U.S. university groups on CDF and has contributed to the CDF Run 2 silicon, XFT L2 trigger and top quark and tau lepton-related new particle searches. On DZero, the Davis group proposed the first tracking trigger, and designed and developed a front-end chip for it.\nStudying the top quark and looking for new particles and phenomena, including the Higgs boson, supersymmetric particles and neutrino CP violation at the highest-energy and intensity accelerators in the world.\nWHAT SETS PARTICLE PHYSICS AT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, DAVIS APART?\nOur group has a rich history of particle physics research during the last 40 years. We have added a number of new faculty in the past decade and have a vibrant program spanning collider, neutrino and dark matter physics.\nTop left: University of California, Davis CMS group members Michael Case and Sho Maruyama in the Fermilab CMS Remote Operations Center; top right: Maruyama, Case and UC Davis CMS group member Carley Kopecky at the LPC at Fermilab; bottom: UC Davis CDF group members Will Johnson, Charles Cox, David Cox, Tom Schwarz and Andrew Ivanov.", "A Night at the Races' provides great entertainment at any get-together - parties (office parties, birthday parties, children's parties, stag or hen night parties, Christmas parties, dinner parties), weddings, conferences, awards ceremonies, presentation nights and social evenings. Clients include businesses, schools, PTA's, churches, sports clubs and social clubs.\nTo set it up decide the age group category for your audience and decide whether to name the runners and the 'sponsors'. If you choose to name the runners you can use polite names, rude names, witty names or just the nicknames of your guests, then watch them squeal with delight when their names are called out by our talking parrot!\nOur events are \u2018plug and play\u2019 and require no technical ability. You can play for real money and possibly do a little fundraising at the same time, or play with our \u2018fun money\u2019 and present a prize to whoever has the most after the last race. Your guests will have the opportunity to win money and prizes which will all add to the excitement. Within minutes of the show starting you will see your audience laughing and cheering on the runners in each race!\nFor small events (e.g. parties, stag nights or hen nights) we have 'Lucky dip packs\u2019. These simplify the betting procedure because there is just one winner per race (for each set of 28 Lucky Dip tickets) and prizes can be forfeits or dares. More details are in our online shop.\nTo see how to run a race night, whether or not for fundraising, click the 'How to - RaceNight' button, to see how to use money at your event use our 'Fundraise Money Race Night Calculator' or you may find our 'getting started' page useful..", "Here you can freely listen to preview tracks from High School Star Musical / \u0432\ufffd\u20202nd SHOW TIME 4\u0432\ufffd\u2020 \u0436\ufffd\u045f\u0438\u00b0\u00b7\u0413\u2014\u0439\u201a\u0408\u0439\u203a\u0404\u0413\u2014\u0435\u00a4\u00a9\u0438\u0409\u00b1\u0435\u0407\u0454\u0413\u2014\u0437\u00a9\u0454\u0439\u2013\u2018\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040c\u0407\u0435\u00b7\u045c\u0413\u2014\u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456&\u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040a\u2014\u0435\u040b\u045f \u0433\u0402\u040a\u0433\u201a\u2116\u0433\u201a\u0457\u0433\u0453\u045f\u0433\u0453\u0490\u0433\u0402\u040c\u0433\u0453\u045f\u0433\u0453\u0490\u0433\u0453\u0458\u0433\u201a\u0451\u0433\u201a\u00ab\u0433\u0453\u00ab\u0433\u201a\u0405\u0433\u0453\u0456\u0433\u201a\u00b0\u0433\u201a\u00b7\u0433\u0453\u0404\u0433\u0453\u0458\u0433\u201a\u0454 - EP. Album was composed by \u0436\ufffd\u045f\u0438\u00b0\u00b7\u0413\u2014\u0439\u201a\u0408\u0439\u203a\u0404\u0413\u2014\u0435\u00a4\u00a9\u0438\u0409\u00b1\u0435\u0407\u0454\u0413\u2014\u0437\u00a9\u0454\u0439\u2013\u2018\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040c\u0407\u0435\u00b7\u045c\u0413\u2014\u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456 / \u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040a\u2014\u0435\u040b\u045f and was released on April 26, 2017. Soundtrack consists of 4 tracks tracks with duration over about 15 minutes. Album was released by NBCUniversal Entertainment.\nTracks preview provided by iTunes. If you like High School Star Musical / \u0432\ufffd\u20202nd SHOW TIME 4\u0432\ufffd\u2020 \u0436\ufffd\u045f\u0438\u00b0\u00b7\u0413\u2014\u0439\u201a\u0408\u0439\u203a\u0404\u0413\u2014\u0435\u00a4\u00a9\u0438\u0409\u00b1\u0435\u0407\u0454\u0413\u2014\u0437\u00a9\u0454\u0439\u2013\u2018\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040c\u0407\u0435\u00b7\u045c\u0413\u2014\u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456&\u0438\u2122\u040b\u0437\u045f\u0456\u0413\u2014\u0435\u040a\u2014\u0435\u040b\u045f \u0433\u0402\u040a\u0433\u201a\u2116\u0433\u201a\u0457\u0433\u0453\u045f\u0433\u0453\u0490\u0433\u0402\u040c\u0433\u0453\u045f\u0433\u0453\u0490\u0433\u0453\u0458\u0433\u201a\u0451\u0433\u201a\u00ab\u0433\u0453\u00ab\u0433\u201a\u0405\u0433\u0453\u0456\u0433\u201a\u00b0\u0433\u201a\u00b7\u0433\u0453\u0404\u0433\u0453\u0458\u0433\u201a\u0454 - EP, we strongly recommend to buy it. Support composers, artists and performers so they can release more music in the future. Prices and shops where you can buy it are at the right column.\n\u0438\u0409\u00b1\u0439\u0403\u201c \u0432\u20ac\u045b Go All Out!!", "No, we don't mean military school. We mean a protective case and screen protector for that new Apple iPad Mini (original or with retina display). This case is made of treated foam that creates a shock-proof and child-proof shell around your tablet, preventing fall damage and scratches from ruining your investment. The soft grip handle folds over to turn the case into a stand so your child can prop their tablet on a desk while they watch their favorite episodes of Spongebob Squarepants or Adventure Time.\nI am actually really surprised how these held up and how well they have protected my kids iPads. I have a 2 and 4 year old and these cases have protected the iPad even from being thrown across the room on many occasions.\nThe perfect case for little hands.\nIt's great for little kids who might have trouble carrying an iPad safely.\nThe rubber is thick, tough, and springy and with the 150 iPad minis we have for first graders in the cases, we haven't had any damage.\nIt's even difficult to cut and so far only the charging port cover seems to get some flex wear (which can make it possible to tear the charging cover off).\nThe charging port cover is annoying and doesn't serve much purpose, and it puts a bit of strain on the charging cable when it's in. I've been cutting it off. The quilted back cases don't have the cover, but the product images seem to show all case types not having the cover.\nThe headphone jack can be difficult to reach and with right-angle or wide connectors, may prevent a good connection (or one at all). I've also been cutting the case to have more space in that area.\nThe 'stand' feature doesn't always work as well as advertised. Many of the cases can't fold the handle back far enough to be stable and tip towards the screen. This seems to get better as the cases are used, though.\nThe downsides are relatively minor and I'd still recommend the cases highly.", "Wall Street had its fair share of thoughts on General Mills' key analyst day on Wednesday. One analyst in particular thinks a soup business could be sold.\nThere could be a sale on soup real soon.\nA major soup brand, that is. Fresh off General Mills' (GIS - Get Report) investor day on Wednesday, Credit Suisse analyst Robert Moskow thinks the packaged food giant could put Progresso up for sale.\n\"CEO Jeff Harmening put more emphasis than we expected on his intent to divest 5% of the company's sales as he reshapes the portfolio through M&A to return to growth. Given the lack of details in the presentation about the marketing plans for canned soup and the weak trends in the category, we would not be surprised if management decided to sell its Progresso brand. By our math, selling Progresso would dilute the company's EPS by about $0.20 or 7%.\"\nProgresso is one of the most storied brands in the supermarket, with history dating back to the late 1890s. The brand came into General Mills' possession via the 2000 acquisition of Pillsbury. But with soup sales under pressure, General Mills putting Progresso on the sales block would make sense.\nProduct portfolio overhauls are all the rage in consumer packaged goods right now. Companies such as J.M. Smucker (SJM - Get Report) continue to unload legacy brands with sluggish sales to free up cash to invest in new area like snacks. For its part, General Mills sold its frozen and canned vegetables business Green Giant to B&G Foods (BGS - Get Report) in 2015 for $765 million after years of weakening sales.\nJim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS is bullish on PepsiCo after earnings. Here's why.", "Louis M. Papp, age 93 of The Villages, FL, formerly of Trumbull, CT he entered peaceful rest on December 13, 2017; he was the beloved husband of the late Elizabeth \"Betty\" (Toth) Papp. Mr. Papp was born November 8, 1924 in Bridgeport, CT, son of the late Michael and Helen Papp. He was retired from U.S. Baird of Stratford, CT where he worked as a Machinist and Engineer. Louis was a Cantor for 60 years at the former Holy Trinity Byzantine Greek Catholic Church in Bridgeport; both he and his late wife Betty devoted their time and love to the church by their work with Church Bazaars and baking- \"church was their life\". Louis could often be found singing Karaoke which he also loved and was truly an inspiration to others. Always the family man, Louis every year at Christmas would be the \"family Santa Claus\"; however, his most cherished love he held for his granddaughter Christine.\nLouis leaves his loving family including his daughter, Lynn Gayda (Andy) with whom he resided, his brothers, James Papp of Lordship, CT and Albert Papp of Stamford, CT, a sister, Helen Pelatowski of Marion, CT, his granddaughter, Christine Gayda (James Sampiere) of Wildwood, FL, a brother-in-law, Alex Toth (Janice) of Shelton, CT, a cousin, Judith Tomasiello of Stratford, CT and several nieces and nephews.\nTo send flowers to the family of Louis M. Papp, please visit our Heartfelt Sympathies Store.\nDear Lyn and family, I am sorry about lou's passing. It has been a long time since I saw Lou and missed I was thinking about him before my sister Carole called and said she heard from my cousin that he was sick. We had a lot of fun working at the church bazzar and other a fairs for the church I also miss singing with him. He was a good person and will be missed. Eternal memory.", "Alkistis Economou and husband Konstantinos Vossos \u201993 moved to Madrid, Spain, with their two children and really enjoy living there. Alkistis would love for anyone visiting Madrid to please send her a note. She would love to get together after all these years.\nBrad Johnson is back at Owens Corning where he is responsible for roofing contractor relationships. He and son Randall hiked more than 80 miles in 12 days with a crew at Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico.\nAfter nearly 13 years in D.C., Emily (Malatesta) Kelton is headed to Colorado. She, husband Steve and 4-year-old twin boys arrived in Boulder at the beginning of August. She is particularly interested in the startup/social enterprise community in Boulder and is open to business development, fudraising and leadership roles for companies, nonprofits and universities. She would love to connect with any Kellogg folks in the area and can be reached at emilykelton@gmail.com.\nIn Karl D. Safft\u2019s function as president of the Swiss Fulbright Alumni Association, he had the privilege to discuss aspects of the Swiss education system with Dr. Jill Biden, wife of U.S. Vice President Joe Biden. Dr. Biden recently visited Switzerland to learn more about their vocational training program.\nSteve Schultz founded Moveable Feast Mobile Media. The app is based on the idea that there\u2019s a whole new storytelling ecosystem that can grow up around walking tours, but never could before mobile technology. Moveable Feast isn\u2019t about points on a map; it\u2019s about how points on a map can come together and tell a story. Instead of focusing on points on a map, Moveable Feast focuses on routes and stories.", "E-learning. By purchasing this package, you will receive instant and full access to over 250 hours of accredited course material which includes interactive resources, practice exams, revision guides, videos and much more!\nClosed book multiple choice. Mock exams and quizzes conclude each module. Exam vouchers NOT included.\nThis ITIL Expert Certification Suite contains all the required learning materials for students wishing to progress from ITIL Foundation, through to Intermediate and ultimately become an ITIL Expert. Unlike other ITIL packages on the market, this Expert Suite gives you full access to every one of our 11 ITIL courses so you can trial, explore, and make certain that you choose the right ITIL qualification path for you!\nThis ITIL Expert Certification Suite contains all the required learning materials for students wishing to progress from ITIL Foundation, through to Intermediate and ultimately become an ITIL Expert.\nOur ITIL Expert Certification Suite provides students with the most flexible, low cost, high quality option to progress from Foundation level, through to Intermediate, and MALC to become a qualified ITIL Expert.\nWith this course, you\u2019ll receive 12 months access from the date of purchase to all 11 of our accredited ITIL courses including Foundation and Intermediate levels! That\u2019s over 250 hours of potential course material including practice exams, quizzes, case studies and downloadable resources.\nThis suite of courses has been accredited by PeopleCert, who are licensed by AXELOS as an Examination Institute for ITIL\u00ae in IT Service Management.\nFyll i formul\u00e4ret f\u00f6r att f\u00e5 mer information om ITIL\u00ae Expert Certification Suite eLearning, direkt fr\u00e5n arrang\u00f6ren. Det \u00e4r gratis och inte bindande!\nBli den f\u00f6rsta att recensera ITIL\u00ae Expert Certification Suite eLearning!", "The National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), the Department of Energy\u2019s semi-autonomous nuclear weapons agency, is receiving a $2.2 billion overall boost to $15.1 billion, a 17 percent increase above FY 2018. Of that, a full $12.8 billion is for nuclear weapons -- 8 percent above FY 2018.\nOf course, these figures cover just one fiscal year. Enormous as they are, they\u2019re merely down-payments that only open the door on a proposed 30-year nuclear weapons \u201crebuild.\u201d The $1.74 trillion \u201cupgrade\u201d includes $313 billion for a new fleet of missile-launching submarines; $13 billion for a \u201csmart\u201d hydrogen bomb the United States has never built before; $50 billion for a so-called \u201cinteroperable\u201d nuclear warheads intended for use on either submarines, rockets, or missiles; $127 billion for a new heavy, long-range bomber dubbed the \u201cChina bomber\u201d (to improve relations with our No. 1 trading partner); $30 billion for a new nuclear-armed Cruise missile; $149 billion for 600 new land-based missiles; and another $261 billion to rebuilt the Y-12 bomb plant in Tennessee, the Los Alamos Lab in New Mexico, and the Kansas City Plant in Missouri.\nTrump\u2019s plan also calls for a 13 percent increase in military spending (about $80 billion), raising Pentagon allotment to $686 billion. Can you say \u201cbankruptcy\u201d?\nThere must be a way to cut military spending, but we would have to be able to grasp its magnitude. In just the fiscal year 2015, the warplane, missile and satellite maker Lockheed Martin Corporation alone won $46 billion in military contracts.", "Anyone that owns or runs a restaurant needs to ensure that they not only pay attention to the obvious details such as hygiene, design, layout and service. A lot of thought also has to be put into the finer details relating to the restaurant. Obviously, people who come to restaurants visit them to relax, enjoy the company of friends and family, and to enjoy delicious food. However, as a restaurant owner and manager, it is your responsibility to ensure that your customers have easy access to information with regards to the food options that are available to them.\nWhile the typical restaurant has printed menus that are available for customers to browse in order to select what they want to eat and drink, these menus are not always as accurate as they should be. For instance, you may be offering specials or one-off menu items that are not on the printed menu. It would be impractical and expensive to have the menus re-printed each time this happens, which is where menu boards can prove invaluable.\nYou can advertise special deals: With menu boards, you can quickly and easily draw the attention of your customers to any special deals that you may be running. This is a great way of advertising these deals inside your own venue.\nYou can display details of special or limited time menu items: If you are offering special menu items as a one off or for a limited time, there is little point having them put on the regular printed menu. However, you can quickly and efficiently advertise them on your menu board.\nYou can promote your restaurant and offerings: A menu board is an excellent way of promoting your menu items, special deals and your restaurant as a whole. Make sure it is located somewhere prominent so that it attracts the attention of those coming into your restaurant and perhaps even those passing by.\nIt is also important to ensure that your menu board is properly updated at all times and displays not only what you are offering but also details such as price of each of the advertised items.\nTo enjoy an evening with friends in a warm and friendly atmosphere, you can call the elegant and tasteful restaurant at The Prince Alfred Hotel.", "Themed \"Connecting Worlds - Strengthening Cohesion\", the initiative \"Germany - Land of Ideas\" of the Federal Government promoted 100 projects with lighthouse character for Germany in the competition \"Excellent Places in the Land of Ideas. The Aachen \u201eEngineers Without Borders Challenge\u201c has been appointed as such a place, competing with 1,500 other applications. As part of the teaching concept \"Engineers without Borders Challenge\" students tackle real-life problems from developing regions. Together with Ingenieure ohne Grenzen e.V., the challenge has been included in various interdisciplinary courses at the Cybernetics Lab IMA & IfU at RWTH Aachen University since 2013. In the winter semester 2017/18, for the first time a joint final event was held at the TU Dortmund. As demonstrated in recent years, the young engineers are becoming aware of the social responsibility of their profession through the \u201eEngineers Without Borders Challenge\u201c. The teaching format is a method in the BMBF-funded joint project ELLI 2.\nAs part of a festive event, the prize was awarded on June 4 in Berlin to the person responsible for the project, Dr. Kathrin Sch\u00f6nefeld. We are very pleased that the challenge (and thus Aachen and Dortmund) is regarded as a future-oriented place for ideas and innovations, where high-quality and creative responses to urgent social issues are delivered. The jury chairman Prof. Dr. Michael H\u00fcther emphasizes that the selected projects have a high signal effect on German society and provide significant trends for sustainability. The competition originated from the event series \"365 Places in the Land of Ideas\", which started in 2006, and since 2013 has been rewarding projects under annually changing themes. It is a joint initiative of the Federal Government, the German economy, represented by the Federation of German Industries (BDI), and Deutsche Bank AG.\nFor further questions, please contact Dr. Kathrin Sch\u00f6nefeld, group leader.", "The GT3 is considered by many to be one of the few cars available to the public that gives its driver the feel of an agile race car that still requires a validation sticker. Despite this ability to be driven around comfortably on the street, the GT3 is at home on the track. This particular GT3 is an example of just how much fun you can have at the track while still maintaining a factory warranty and good behaviour on the street.\nEvery aspect of the car\u2019s dynamics were addressed to give a complete package that yielded a GT3 that met all of it\u2019s owners requirements and continues to be a great example of how to take a good car and make it great. The first step was to apply a brake setup that utilized the factory calipers along with an upgraded rotor and pad. Once brake fade became a fading memory we tackled the vehicles alignment and ride height settings to keep the car stable at its limit once its CCW wheels and Kumho V710 tires were fitted for track use.\nOur customer was not only interested in improving his car but also improving his own skill level. A great way to learn from your driving is the installation of an AIM Data Acquisition system.\nThe AIM Evo4 Data Acquisition System (DAS) along with AIM\u2019s Mychron3 dash. The GT3 uses the factory CAN protocol to transfer information throughout the car\u2019s electronic system.\nWe installed the head unit near the factory ECU in the space normally used for other factory electronics. We fabricated a dash mount that uses the factory cup holder and ran the wires up through the centre tunnel to ensure a clean installation. Finally, we installed a switch in the centre console alongside the USB cable. The result is a system that provides professional telemetry that can make going to the track an even more fulfilling experience.", "Q1. Why are your prices so much lower than everywhere else?\nA. Well there's a few different reasons for this. First, The Repair Mob is owned by a screen and component wholesale company so we are able to buy our high quality parts at a lower price than some of our competitors.\nAlso, we only staff highly trained technicians so we are less likely to damage a customer's device and have to replace it. The big box stores add this liability to the price the customer pays.\nWe are also a privately owned entity that isn't franchised so we can prevent pushing the extra franchise fees we would have to pay onto our customers.\nQ2. Do you offer any warranty with your repairs?\nA. Absolutely, we offer a Lifetime warranty on parts against manufacture defect.\nQ3. Do I have to pay if you are unable to fix my phone or tablet?\nA. No, we never charge a diagnose fee or a labor fee if no repair was completed successfully.\nQ4. Can I wait for my device at your location?\nA. Of course, we have a customer lounge area with comfy seating, TV, and complimentary beverages.\nQ5. How long will the repair take?\nA. Most of our repairs can be completed in 20-40 minutes. Some repairs will take longer depending on the type of device and type of repair.\nQ6. Can I buy my own screen or part and bring it in for you to install?\nA. We will allow this to be done on a case by case basis. If it is the right part for the right device we will quote a labor charge and be happy to repair the device with your parts, however we will not be able to offer a warranty.\nQ7. Can I buy the part from you and install it myself?\nCopyright \u00a9 The Repair Mob. All rights reserved.", "Inspiration Corporation does not provide emergency shelter to individuals experiencing homelessness. If you are homeless and looking for immediate shelter, please call 311 and dial 4 for \u201cshort term help\u201d or call the City of Chicago's Department of Family and Supportive Services (DFSS) hotline at (800) 654-8595.\nInspiration Corporation's Housing Services program draws participants from the City of Chicago's Coordinated Entry System.\nIf you are homeless and looking for housing, you must visit an Access Point agency that can complete a Standardized Housing Assessment with you. This assessment records your current situation and needs so that you can be connected to a housing program, if eligible, when there is an opening. Housing programs range from transitional housing to short term rapid rehousing to permanent supportive housing.\nA list of agencies that conduct assessments and their hours can be found at www.csh.org/access. Keep in mind that housing placement is based on vulnerability and other factors, and completing an assessment is not a guarantee that you will obtain housing. For more information on the selection process, please contact info@csh.org.\nIf you are out of work and need help starting a new career, we provide a free, 12-week training program to prepare students for jobs in the food service industry. You will gain hands-on experience by training in a real restaurant. The program also includes pre-employment skills training, addressing teamwork, communication, interviewing, and resume writing.\nCome to an open orientation every Tuesday at 1:00 pm at Inspiration Kitchens \u2013 Garfield Park, 3504 W. Lake St. Orientation includes an application and interview process. No reservation is required.", "If you want to search multiple .PST files, first, open the additional Outlook Data File, then change your search scope. Open an Outlook data file On the File menu, click Open > Outlook Data File .... Read .pst and .ost files created by any version of Microsoft Outlook, including newer Unicode and older ANSI formatted .pst files. System administrators are able to customize the user interface, removing features their users don't need.\nI have some old Outlook 2003 pst files with a lot of messages (~100k) on a backup drive that I would like to be able to search and read from time to time. how to open epub files on my computer To know how to read Outlook data file is a child like process for an MS Outlook user but the same thing turns out to be a completely new discovery when experienced by a novice.\n31/05/2012 \u00b7 Leo, I have about 8 to 10 GB of old archived .pst files that I would like online just for reference. The problem is that Outlook seems to want to open and/or rewrite these files every time I open the program whether or not the content of those .pst's really changes. how to make fried chicken drumsticks with bread crumbs The Outlook PST viewer software is integrated with Search option to help you locate the PST files on your computer in case you forget the location where you saved the PST file. You can view PST in its accurate form using PST viewer.\nThe Outlook PST viewer software is integrated with Search option to help you locate the PST files on your computer in case you forget the location where you saved the PST file. You can view PST in its accurate form using PST viewer.", "Experience an exclusive celebration in Manchester this festive season at a top four-star hotel venue which overlooks the River Irwell. It\u2019s the perfect way to reward your team after all their hard work this past year and for everyone to get into the Christmas spirit!\nWith this excellent package, you\u2019ll enjoy private hire of the venue\u2019s fabulous suite which accommodates a minimum of 50 guests to a maximum of 240 guests. On arrival, everyone will be treated to a chilled drinks reception to mark the start of the evening and raise a glass to a fantastic night of celebration ahead.\nAdmire the beautiful festive decorations which adorn the event space as you take a seat at your dining table and catch up with friends away from the pressures of the work place. Those all-important Christmas novelties will be provided, because it just wouldn\u2019t be the same without them!\nIt won\u2019t be long until you\u2019re served a lavish three-course feast from the mouth-watering festive menu which will be sure to tantalise your taste buds with the full and rich flavours on offer. Freshly brewed tea, coffee and mince pies will be served afterwards in true Christmas tradition.\nLook forward to the venue\u2019s talented DJ who will bring you all the best in party entertainment \u2013 expect a top mix of festive favourites, classics and the latest chart hits, where you\u2019ll be able to let loose and let your hair down.\nThis year, the venue are offering private party guests the opportunity to enjoy all-inclusive drinks during their party night for just \u00a316.67 per person excluding VAT! Guests will be able to indulge from a great selection of house wines, beers and soft drinks between the hours of 7.00pm and 9.00pm.", "After cutting together the trailer for the sure-fire megahit Frozen 2, Disney has finally decided to \"let it go,\" allowing it to roam free on the icy tundra that is the Internet.\nHelmed by returning directors Jennifer Lee and Chris Buck, the sequel reunites the original cast of Idina Menzel (Elsa), Kristen Bell (Anna), Josh Gad (Olaf), and Jonathan Groff (Kristoff). Joining them will be Evan Rachel Wood (Westworld) and Sterling K. Brown (The Predator).\nWe'd be remiss if we didn't mention the fact that the teaser opens with Elsa attempting to cross an ocean in the middle of a storm by freakin' freezing the massive waves! Then we get to see Anna performing her own death-defying stunt, Kristoff riding Sven alongside a bunch of other reindeer, and Elsa saving Olaf from some purple fire.\nThose of you that stayed for the post-credits scene of Ralph Breaks the Internet know that Disney played a little prank when it came to showing the first footage of Frozen 2. Snowflakes fall on the screen while the narrator promises a look at the highly anticipated sequel. This turns out to be a lie when Ralph (John C. Reilly) breaks out into his own rendition of Rick Astley's \"Never Gonna Give You Up.\"\nThe first Frozen opened in November of 2013 and was based on \"The Snow Queen\" fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen. Taking in over $1 billion at the worldwide box office, the film was hailed as Disney's best animated feature since 1994's The Lion King.\nA lot of the praise\u2014and rightly so\u2014had to do with the original songs (e.g., \"Do You Want to Build a Snowman?\", \"Let It Go,\" and \"Love Is an Open Door\") written by Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez.\nPenned by Allison Schroeder (Christopher Robin), Frozen 2 arrives in theaters Nov. 22, 2019.", "HOPES provides funding for innovative short- term education projects implemented by local and regional educational institutions. The objective of the call for proposals is to increase the number of refugees of post \u2013 secondary age from Syria and young people from host communities enrolled in higher education programmes and training courses including innovative further education options and language courses.\nIt also seeks to enhance the education and training institutions\u2019 capacity to deal with the specific situation of refugees and provide Syrians and vulnerable youth from the host communities, with opportunities to access further and higher education. It intends to promote refugee education through better access to online resources, innovative courses and educational support.\nThe second round is now closed!\nThe HOPES project has launched its second round of Call for Proposals (CfP) to support innovative education initiatives and short-term projects targeting refugees from Syria and vulnerable host communities across Egypt, Northern Iraq (KRI), Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey and/or Syria and implemented by local and regional institutions.\nThe selected projects will be announced in July 2018.\nThe second round of the Call for Proposals will be open from December 18, 2017 till February 20, 2018.\nThrough this Call for Proposals, a maximum of 14 projects will be funded in Egypt, Northern Iraq (KRI), Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey and/or Syria.\nLocal organizations can request funds for their actions ranging from \u20ac6,000 to \u20ac60,000 for a maximum duration of 12 months.\nDuring the application period, one information session will be organised in all eligible countries: Egypt, Northern Iraq (KRI), Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey to provide more information on the call to potential applicants.\nAll applications must be submitted by the latest on 20th February 2018 midnight (CET).\n\"ELITE DIALOGUE II : DIALOGUE WITH SYRIAN REFUGEES IN TURKEY THROUGH SYRIAN ACADEMICS and POSTGRADUATE STUDENTS\"", "Three years aqmar pharma The new rules resolve a two-year-old dispute that began when the state refused to allow the Hartsdale Pet Cemetery in Westchester to accept the ashes of a former NYPD officer who wanted to spend his afterlife with his three Maltese pups.\nAnother service? dhea youtube The low-cost technology, skilled doctors, scant bureaucracy and a plentiful supply of surrogates have made India a preferred destination for fertility tourism, attracting nationals from Britain, the United States, Australia and Japan, to name a few.\nI saw your advert in the paper pharmacydirect.co.nz discount code Bama wanted a Shutdown so he and the Media could play their lying game of blaming the Pubs. The public did not want the medical devices tax. They hate Obamacare. They hate the welfare state over all but it is of course, the Pub fault for \u2026whatever. It is time for Americans to grow up and ask for liberty and freedoms and a sane fiscal house instead of a gimmee state mandated nation. Time to say, we goofed in electing this community organizer and the Dem dolts too.\nUntil August manforce goli Freight-on-board (FOB) suppliers have seen their paymentterms extended from 60 days to 75 days, whilefull-service-vendors (FSV), who transport, store and delivergoods for M&S, will see their payment delayed from five weeks toseven weeks.\nHave you got any ? non prescription blood pressure drugs Since the shipment of the September 2013 Security Bulletin Release, we have received reports of updates being offered for installation multiple times, or certain cases where updates were not offered via Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) or System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).\nI came here to work medications for vesicular tinea pedis clomid The trousers are actually cropped in length, which some people may be put off by in this colder weather, but wearing a black boot like Fearne means extra warmth on your feet. And she adds even more cool factor with those round sunnies.", "Sersha LLC is a Software Consulting and Development Firm based in Scottsdale, Arizona. We were founded in 2006 bringing together a team of people with backgrounds in Software Development, Graphic Arts, Hardware Sourcing and Management Consulting. Today we have resources for Development in Scottsdale Arizona, Galway Ireland and in Lublin Poland.\nSersha LLC is a Software Consulting and Development Firm based in Scottsdale, Arizona. The company was founded in 2006 bringing together a team of people with backgrounds in Software Development, Graphic Arts, Hardware Sourcing and Management Consulting. Today our Development Team operates in Scottsdale Arizona, Galway Ireland and Lublin Poland.\nWe also provide services for the sale and/or purchase of \"Excess or Experienced Inventory\" with a Global list of contacts that we work with.\nOur Management Consulting Division focuses on current and long range financial planning for small to midsized business. We also specialize in Strategic Planning, Business Mentoring, Systems Analysis, Project Planning and Project Management. At Sersha we have developed our own custom \"Business Health\" Mentoring program - The goal of this program being similar to a healthy living program with the initial focus being on defining a personal and business development plan, once the plan has been agreed then a weekly phone call becomes the \"call to arms\" to ensure that the client sticks to the plan - the \"gentle reminder\" or \"conscience\" call - as with any healthy living plan - ensures that client's don't waver or give in to temptation and not continue (stick to the plan). Every call is followed up with a report on the call's contents and agreed actions, and/or to deal with any business issues that crop up in the interim Sersha also has the ability to quickly expand to the scope of work that is required through the use of International Resources.\nThe name Sersha is derived as a phonetic spelling of the Gaelic name Saoirse which means Freedom. Thus our motto \"Freedom to do More\". Our philosophy is: never let a human do what a computer can!", "\u201cShyamali: Sprouting Words\u201d explores how dissent fuels life force and growth, recognizes the courage of women who speak up and talk back to sustain communities against injustice, and celebrates women who refuse to be broken.\nAnanya Dance Theatre is comprised primarily of women artists of color who are cultural activists: working through artistic processes to engage audiences, build community, and move toward justice and beauty. They celebrate proactive dissent as fuel for the life force and growth, recognizing the courage of women who speak up and talk back to sustain communities against injustice.\nWith dance as a choreographic response to social issues, the company is part of a social justice movement: inspiring audiences through visual and emotional engagement.\n\u201cShyamali: Sprouting Words\u201d is a National Performance Network/Visual Artists Network (NPN/VAN) Creation and Development Fund Project co-commissioned by the Kelly-Strayhorn Theater, Pittsburgh, PA, in partnership with the Asian Arts Initiative, Philadelphia, PA, the Maui Arts & Cultural Center, Kahului, HI, the Skirball Cultural Center, Los Angeles, CA, The O\u2019Shaughnessy at St. Catherine University, St. Paul, MN, and NPN. The Creation and Development Fund is supported by the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation, the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Arts (a federal agency). For more information: www.npnweb.org.\nProduction residency funded by the New England Foundation for the Arts\u2019 National Dance Project, with funding from The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.\n\u201cShyamali: Sprouting Words\u201d is supported by an Art Works grant from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Imagine Fund, and The O\u2019Shaughnessy. This activity is made possible by the voters of Minnesota through a grant from the Metropolitan Regional Arts Council, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the arts and cultural heritage fund. This activity is made possible by the voters of Minnesota through a Minnesota State Arts Board Operating Support grant, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the arts and cultural heritage fund.", "A New Experience in Vehicle Purchasing is here.\nAuto consultants that specialize in European cars and SUVs. We only sell clean title autos that are priced competitively in a zero pressure environment. We can do this because of our exceptionally low overhead and an overall client centric approach to running our business.\nEuro Automotion started in 2009 as an alternative to the often painful process of buying or selling your car. Since then we have sold hundreds of cars across the country. We show our vehicles by appointment at our office in Happy Valley.\nWe only sell clean title and CARFAX vehicles, please visit the showroom for a free CARFAX report for each car we have in our inventory. For added peace of mind most vehicles are eligible for extended warranties and trade ins are welcome. We are also happy to help facilitate financing with one of our trusted lending partners and we also accept Visa and Master Card. If you are an out of state customer we can arrange delivery to your door.\nWe encourage you to e-mail, call, or text with any questions you may have.\nWE CAN FIND ANY CAR!\nWe can locate any particular year, make, model, trim level, and desired mileage from sources nationwide. Why settle for something that is just good enough when you can drive the car you really want at a great price.\nTrading in your car at most dealerships can often mean taking less than your car is worth. If you have a European car that you would like to sell we offer consignment services at very affordable prices.\nTired of car salesmen? Reach out today to see what our consultative approach in a zero pressure environment is all about.\nWe have access to a network of over 500k cars across the country to find you exactly the vehicle you are looking for.\nOur relationships with manufacturers, access to brand factory sales and low overhead allows us to offer very favorable pricing. Call us for a quote today.\nWith over a combined 75 years of experience we are not only consultants, we\u2019re also enthusiasts that are versed in the selection and restoration of the highest quality cars.", "An ancient mosque in Mecca is dedicated to the jinn who accepted the Prophet\u2019s message. Masjid al-Jinn (Mosque of the Jinn) is either the locale where the jinn actually listened to the Prophet recite the Qur\u2019an, or the place where he received revelation of the sura called Al-Jinn\u2026.\nRichard Burton visited this mosque and wrote of it in Personal Narrative of a Pilgrimage to El-Medinah and Meccah.\nThese jinn made a commitment to monotheism, the core of Islam. Other Qur\u2019anic passages indicate that jinn had heard of earlier revelations, such as that of Moses and the Trinitarian doctrine of Christianity.\nFor Muslims, the beings we call jinn\u2014however they may be conceptualised\u2014are an integral and ever-present part of the language and theology of their faith. The existence of these creatures is assumed and reiterated numerous places in the Qur\u2019an. The book, at its very outset, calls Allah rabb al\u2019-alamin, \u2018lord of the worlds,\u2019 understood from the earliest days of Islam to mean all possible worlds that could exist, including the worlds of humans, of jinn and of heaven. The Qur\u2019an often mentions mankind and jinn together as the two types of creatures capable of receiving\u2014and accepting or rejecting\u2014the divine message.\nI\u2019m also rather partial to the notion held in Morocco, and mentioned in The Caliph\u2019s House: A Year in Casablanca by Tahir Shah, that it is the djinns themselves who decide whether a person is going to believe in them or not.\nAlso, both djinn and jinn are accepted spellings for these marvelous creatures. Being a contrarian, I of course prefer the more complicated spelling of djinn. I don\u2019t suppose the djinns themselves care\u2026or maybe they do. They are beings of remarkable discrimination, taste, talent, and free will.\nYou are currently browsing the archives for the religion\tcategory.\nWordPress 5.1.1 and delivered to you in 1.186 seconds using 46 queries.", "Hundreds of Philippine mothers simultaneously nursed their babies in public on Sunday, some of them two at a time, in a government-backed mass breastfeeding event aimed at combating child deaths.\n\"Breastfeeding is love. It is difficult, but we do it for love,\" said Abegirl Limjap, a pregnant 38-year-old property manager in a \"Super Mom\" superhero costume as she nursed her two boys, one aged five and the other 11 months.\nThe annual event aims to draw public support for a government campaign to get more mothers to switch to breast milk from infant formula, organiser Rose Padua told AFP.\nThe World Health Organization and the United Nations Children's Fund recommend that children be given breast milk within the first hour of birth and be exclusively breastfed for their first six months.\nGlobally however, three in five babies are not breastfed early, putting them at higher risk of death and disease, the two UN agencies said in a report earlier this year.\n\"It's an empowering moment,\" said first-time mother Joyce Balido, 29, as she cradled her four-month-old girl at the mass breastfeeding event.\n\"It was very difficult to establish a milk supply at first. I am sleep-starved but I committed myself to have my daughter exclusively breast-fed,\" added Balido, an engineer.\nSixty-one other mass breastfeeding events were held in other Philippine cities over the weekend, said Padua, the event organiser.\nShe said the country was on course to beat last year's attendance of 4,775 nursing mothers in 25 events.", "To provide high quality vehicle preparation service at bases or events as directed, maintaining high standards of service delivery and ensuring the safety and well-being of vehicles & equipment at all times. The post-holder will provide a service to operational staff, which may include vehicle & base cleaning, equipment maintenance and care, restocking or medical consumables, repacking kits, bags and pouches, dealing with stock rotation, ordering and disposal, collection & delivery of vehicles & equipment, attending events as logistics support or at incidents as directed.\nYou will find that no two shifts will be the same. They could be Ensuring a vehicle is deep cleaned, cleaning & preparing vehicles ready for operational crews to take out on shift, Checking and replacing clinical equipment, Checking and replenishing medical consumable items, ensuring our bases are clean, moving vehicles and equipment to repair facilities or to operational crews out on the road, assisting in stock control and ordering. or attending events to support operations with logistics tasks.\nLAs drive a range of ambulance vehicles under normal road conditions and carry out checks to vehicles at the start of and end each shift, to make sure they are clean and free of damage or defects, have fuel and are appropriately stocked.\nThey will receive training to perform checks, clean & maintain all medical and life support equipment carried on vehicles. This is essential for the service to maintain an effective operation.\nA key responsibility of the LA is to make sure that equipment is carefully cleaned, stored, and cared for so that it is always in good working order.\nLAs will need to work effectively as part of a larger team of people, including other ambulance service personnel (such as operational staff, supervisors and managers), other healthcare staff (such as paramedics) and representatives from other emergency services \u2013 including the Fire, Police & Coastguard services.", "It was a good year for growing soybeans in these parts. Not so good for selling them.\nThe farmers of Cass County grow more soybeans than any other county in America, the New York Times reports in its story today. But China has stopped buying them. Soybean sales have dropped 94 percent.\nThe U.S. exported $26 billion in soybeans last year; more than half went to China, which has now put tariffs on them.\nChina pretty much created the soybean market for North Dakota farmers, many of whom gave up on wheat in the \u201990s to cash in on the hot new crop. Now, they\u2019re piling up behind full grain elevators.\nPublic health officials in North Dakota, already confronting a recent rise in suicides, are concerned about the impact of falling prices, particularly on younger farmers with high levels of debt, the Times says.\n\u201cThey could get together tomorrow and iron this thing all out and I don\u2019t think we\u2019ll ever get all of our market back,\u201d one farmer says.\nBrandon Hokama, whose family farms 3,500 acres near Ellendale, N.D., estimates that they need a price of $8.75 per bushel of soybeans to break even. Last year at this time, soybeans could be sold for almost $10 per bushel. Now, local elevators are offering prices below $7.\nMr. Hokama knows that other farmers are likely to make similar decisions, and that the corn market next fall may be glutted. Specialty crops like peas and edible beans command higher prices, but also require more work and specialized equipment. Also, unlike the big cash crops, specialty crops can\u2019t be hedged. That means the farmer carries all the risk of a bad year.\nThe goal for next year? Break even.", "As the digital revolution whipped through their lives removing tangible objects such as books and records, Jonny & Steve decided to create a piece of technology that would enable people to create wonderful things for those they cared about. Their personalized books, posters and cards are just the start. They use their trove of wondrous facts and the work of some of the most creative, talented artists and illustrators around to create a one-of-a-kind, 50-page personalised book about anyone you choose, in seconds. With all 3 founders having backgrounds in the creative advertising world, the high quality of art direction, graphic design, illustration, printing and copywriting is apparent in the Book of Everyone.\nWhy is making handmade goods important to you?\nIt\u2019s the best way to get emotional value into what you\u2019re making. And an object with emotional value is what people care about. All our products need to pass the fire test: if your home is on fire would you dash into it to rescue it?\nWhat is the inspiration behind your design?\nEach book is a journey that celebrates the individual. It\u2019s an eclectic mix of color & beauty, based on our 3C\u00b4s: Curious, Celebratory & Charming. If you look at our artists page you\u2019ll discover amazing contributors from Jean Julien to Malika Favre. We\u2019re very excited that Jimmy Turrel has just designed the candy page for our USA book.\nMy Parents. After retiring my father followed his passion for vintage racing cars and after 4 years of \u2018retirement\u2019, aged 75, he\u00b4s just finished producing his first motor racing documentary: \u2018Pistons, Passions, Pleasures - A Sicilian Dream\u2019.", "This move in ready brick home sits on a large lot in College Park. Your new home features 4 bedrooms, 1.5 bathroom, living room, den, kitchen, eat in kitchen, laundry room, FROG (not in sq.ft add 182), covered patio,garage/workshop and large fenced in backyard. The architectural roof and roof sheathing was installed in 2016 (the roof sheathing is thicker than the original sheathing was). This home only has carpet in the FROG. New flooring in the living room, den and 3 bedrooms. There are double-pane double hung insulated windows. The front yard has great curb appeal. As you enter your new home, you will be greeted with wood flooring in the foyer. Livingroom has a ceiling fan. Kitchen has lots of cabinets and counterspace. Custom cabinets are Kraftmaid Hickory. Also there is a kitchen islaAll 4 bedrooms have ceiling fans. The bathroom is a good size. The FROG is great for a play room. The large beautiful backyard has a water fountain. There is also a Japanese Maple, roses and flowers. Great location-close to schools, shopping, restaurants, Boeing, and I-26.\nI was searching for a Property and found this listing (MLS\u00ae #19009482). Please send me more information regarding 202 Cornell Drive, Ladson, SC, 29456. Thank you!\nI'd like to request a showing of 202 Cornell Drive, Ladson, SC, 29456 (MLS\u00ae #19009482). Thank you!", "Each year the World Bank publishes a study about how each country ranks when it comes to competitiveness in the \u201cknowledge economy.\u201d A knowledge economy, broadly, is a nation\u2019s ability to compete globally with intellectual capital. In a world where this knowledge currency is becoming more widely circulated, a nation\u2019s ability to compete with its ideas becomes ever more valuable.\nYet in 2012, despite the prevalence of \u201cAmerican exceptionalism\u201d in political stump speeches, the United States ranked 12th in the World Bank\u2019s study, dropping from fourth place in 2000. So what happened? What is keeping the United States, and specifically, individual states, from competing more rigorously on the knowledge economy stage?\nThe specific reasons the U.S. declined in the study may provide insight into how to fix the problem. Nationally, the decline is due to a failure to keep up in what the World Bank calls \u201cInformation and Communications Technology Infrastructure,\u201d which means the effective communication, dissemination and processing of information, and \u201cEconomic Incentive and Institutional Regime,\u201d or, how well we promote innovation and entrepreneurship. The study attributes these failures primarily to a lag in how much we communicate individually\u2014i.e., a lag behind other industrialized countries in telephone use per 1,000 people\u2014and because of tariff and non-tariff barriers to trade\u2014i.e., any restrictions on imports and exports.\nYou can read the full World Bank study here.\nThe state-by-state breakdown can be accessed here.\nWith state leaders across the country scrambling to roll out innovative economic development strategies, promoting opportunities in the knowledge economy will likely rank high in state priorities for years to come. The U.S. has always been a country of ideas that has prided itself on innovation and our ability to stay ahead of the curve, but this year\u2019s World Bank study shows that we are slipping.\nWhile the media may be focused on the election cycle and national politics, the decisions states leaders make to promote this vital sector of our economy may ultimately have a far bigger impact on how our nation fairs in this global competition than the debates playing out in Washington.\nThe Second Ryan Budget: A Sequel for States?", "Heisenberg might have lost his touch in the final episodes of Breaking Bad season 5, but the effects of his misdeeds at the height of his powers are being felt more than ever.\nMike was the enforcer throughout Breaking Bad and a man not to be messed with. To see Walt so casually and placidly put him in his place following the evidence room plot put a huge grin on our faces.\nHeisenberg seemed to revel in intimidating Saul, advancing on him slowly and flooding his personal space as he announced the lawyer\u2019s enslavement.\nBryan Cranston excelled in this tete-a-tete with Hank, appearing weak, defeated and cornered one moment, then, with a twist of a sentence, deadly the next.\nThere was bare-faced insolence from Heisenberg in his last scene with Declan, in which he commanded him to say his name and demonstrated his obsession with his empire.\nWalt tried his damnedest to keep the details of his new job from Skyler, but couldn\u2019t help but bask in this glory of his ingenious train heist here.\nWalt needed to choose his words carefully here lest he implicate himself in the partial demolition of a nursing home here, but the four he settled on certainly got the message across, leaving Skyler both relieved and terrified.\nThis was early Heisenberg era, with Walt beginning to take an interest in his turf and letting rivals know who\u2019s boss. TV On The Radio snarling \u2018the dog wants a bone\u2019 in the background was perfect.\nWe knew the truth about Jane had to come out somehow, but few thought that Walt would confess not to atone but to rub salt in the wound. A seriously bad dude.\nThe transformation from meek school teacher to fearsome drug kingpin was complete with this scene, made all the more captivating by the fact that Walt\u2019s looks as surprised as Skyler by the words that just came out of his mouth.", "This week, Thomas Linn at Wired profiled an inspiring science teacher who became demoralized by the overly structured and financially under-supported realities of the US education system.\n\u0093The bell blares. Upstairs in the \u201cCornell University\u201d homeroom, so named to get kids thinking early and often about college, Channa Comer addresses her students with a big voice and an even bigger Cheshire cat smile: \u201cCornell, 10 seconds to take out your homework, 10, 9, 8 \u2026 \u201d The students scramble, rifling through their backpacks, until they are all seated at their desks with their notebooks in front of them. They all wear blue school-issued shirts with big white letters across their backs. Over the course of the year, they earn shirts with letters that spell TRY, TRUST, TRAIN or THANK. Today the shirts say TRY.\nThe Upshot Blog of the New York Times discussed new research suggesting that increased funding really is one of the keys to improving educational outcomes in school districts.\n\u0093If you spend more on education, will students do better?\nTeasing out the specific effect of money spent is methodologically difficult. Opponents of increased school funding have seized on that ambiguity to argue that, for schools, money doesn\u2019t matter \u2014 and, therefore, more money isn\u2019t needed.\nRead more at The Upshot Blog.\nRenee Dudley at Reuters revealed some of the challenges facing The College Board as it revamps the SAT. The standardized testing industry finds itself in a period of flux as it faces shifting government policies and technological trends.\n\u0093Redesigning the SAT to reflect the Common Core has solidified Coleman\u2019s influence as one of the most powerful figures in education. He has emerged as \u201cthe arbiter of what America\u2019s children should know and be able to do,\u201d Diane Ravitch, former assistant secretary of education for President George H.W. Bush, wrote in her blog.", "SYNC Korean Fusion Bistro is a perfect illustration of where technology meets food. By using tablets to place your orders, the concept of this whole bistro certainly takes on a modern dining experience. Likewise on the food aspect, the bistro offers a one of a kind combination of Western-Korean dishes.\nFor starters, we highly recommend the Korean Chicken Wings which were battered and crispy on the outside, layered with a in-house special sauce which came off spicy yet tangy at the same time. Another dish which clearly was a hit at the table was the Toppoki, which comes with bits of fried bacon atop, and an onsen egg - their rendition of the classic Korean dish you probably would not find anywhere else.\nMoving onto the mains, the Bibimbap was quite a lacklustre as it wasn't served in a hot pot. We found the temperature of the rice not hot enough to our liking, but if you (weirdly) like cold Bibimbap, by all means. The Jap Chae with Beef however, was served hot instead of the usual room temperature and came in a pretty generous portion with tender slices of beef within.\nOur favourite part of the meal had to be dessert. The freshly made-to-order Lava Cakes were extremely delicious and blew almost everyone away within the first mouthful. Available in three flavours (Taro, Red Bean and Matcha), our pick of the lot was the Matcha.\nThe concept of Western-Korean dishes at SYNC pretty much won us over. And with the relatively reasonable prices on the menu (except for their drinks), we actually think this place is worth a visit if you are a fan of Korean food. Our only disappointment was that they only have one branch (located at the west), so traveling all the way down if you do not live around the area might just be a hassle.", "A geothermal heat pump or ground supply heat pump (GSHP) is a central heating and/or cooling method that transfers heat to or from the ground.\nJust just before Thanksgiving 2009, my family began heating and cooling our 4,400-square-foot suburban home with geothermal power. As I wrote in a story that appeared in Overall health & Science final March, we got rid of our 24-year-old oil-burning furnace and conventional air conditioning, and replaced them with a technique based on drawing moderate temperatures from beneath the Earth\u2019s surface.\nWith more than 3 centuries of combined encounter, we have earned a solid reputation for our expertise and expertise in geothermal heating and cooling. We supply premium top quality, price-efficient, power-effective and renewable heating and cooling options for your residence or small business. No matter whether you are investing in geothermal for your property, farm, cottage or company \u2013 get every little thing you need in 1 place via our huge network of dealers and their highly trained team of installers.\nI am also not surprised by that and at the very same time not discourage as to the efficacy of ground supply heating and cooling systems. I personally have been an HVAC systems designer and certified BPI Creating Analyst for six years now and successfully created/implemented more than a hundred and twenty geothermal systems devoid of a single of them falling brief of modeled efficiency. That being mentioned, I have also offered efficiency upgrade analysis to practically equal number of non-geothermal systems. The bottom line is\u2026it is all a matter of the legwork, knowledge, circumstances and to some degree, integrity of the designer and company you are working with.\nOpen loop systems draw properly water for use as the heat supply or heat sink, and immediately after use, return the well water to a drainage field or another well. New water is often getting pumped via the method when it is in operation. It is known as an open-loop method simply because the ground water is open to the environment.\nThis entry was posted in Residential Geothermal Energy and tagged efficiency, energy by Aaron Bryant. Bookmark the permalink.", "When the summer sun shines bright, your first thought may be to hit the pool, not about keeping your business\u2019s commercial landscape fertilized. We all know how important fertilizer is to maintaining a healthy, lush lawn. And, you need to provide your lawn with supplemental nutrients to make sure your landscape flourishes. The three main supplemental nutrients that compose a complete fertilizer are nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), and potassium (K), so be on the lookout for these three ingredients. At Great Estates Landscaping, we recommend using a slow release fertilizer for your lawn this time of year. Why?\nIn this Georgia heat, your turf needs its nutrients to last. There are several benefits of slow-release nitrogen in fertilizers. They provide more uniform grass growth and they are less likely to burn the lawn or other plants. Slow-release fertilizers also stay in your soil for 6 to 8 weeks or longer. Which means, you spend more time enjoying your lawn and less time fertilizing it.\nGreat Estates recommends an annual chemical program for all of our customers to give your lawn a boost throughout the year. We use a combination of liquid and dry-granular products to create an optimal environment for a lush, green, weed-free lawn. We use environmentally sound products and keep pesticide use to a minimum.\nCall our experts today and ask about Our Annual Turf Management Program. The program includes seven applications: two applications in the spring for pre- and post-emergent weed control, three applications of slow-release fertilizers to promote active growth and superb color during the summer, and two rounds of weed control in the fall and winter for winter annual weeds.\nFeel free to contact us to discuss your landscaping needs and fertilizer treatment. We look forward to hearing from you!", "Genemedics Health Institute\u2019s hormone specialists in California have treated thousand of hormone problems in the whole state. Let us help you with yours too.\nBeverly Hills Genemedics Health Institute offers access to advanced hormone replacement therapy to Beverly Hills residents. Call us for hormone imbalance treatments.\nCarlsbad Genemedics Health Institute\u2019s hormone specialists offer affordable yet comprehensive hormone replacement programs to Carlsbad residents. Consult with us.\nIrvine Genemedics Health Institute provides high-quality natural hormone replacement to men and women with hormone problems in Irvine. Set up a consultation today.\nLa Jolla Genemedics Health Institute\u2019s hormone doctors in La Jolla delivers advanced hormone replacement therapy programs. Call us to be in your best health state.\nLos Angeles Genemedics Health Institute in Los Angeles is your ultimate health companion to revive your youthful vigor. Get in touch with our hormone specialists now.\nNewport Beach Genemedics Health Institute helps fight off undesirable symptoms of hormone imbalance in men and women. Contact our Newport Beach hormone specialists now.\nNorth Hollywood Genemedics Health Institute North Hollywood caters to all sorts of hormone problems. Get in touch with our hormone doctors to get your youthful vigor back.\nPacific Palisades Genemedics Health Institute provides holistic hormone replacement programs to residents of Pacific Palisades with hormone problems. Call us for more info.\nSan Diego Genemedics Health Institute offers personalized hormone replacement programs to men and women with hormone deficiencies. Call our San Diego clinic now.\nSanta Monica Genemedics Health Institute\u2019s hormone specialists in Santa Monica provides all-inclusive hormone replacement programs. Schedule a consultation today.\nSan Francisco Genemedics Health Institute has highly trained hormone specialists in San Francisco. Schedule a natural hormone replacement therapy appointment today.\nWest Hollywood Genemedics Health Institute renders top of the line hormone replacement therapy to West Hollywood residents with hormone problems. Call us for inquiries.", "Finally a moisturizing body wash that will not strip your skin of its natural oils. Your skin will feel completely moisturized and well cleaned when you use Sahara Sunrise Refreshing Body Wash. Its creamy moisturizing lather leaves your skin pleasurably soft and clean. Use Sahara Sunrise Net Sponge or natural loofah to work up thick, rich voluminous lather.\nIngredients: Distilled Water, Saponified oils of Coconut, Cocoa Butter, Sunflower, Castor, Sodium Borate, Fragrance.\nThis Avocado soap gently exfoliates and detoxifies the skin by removing toxins that encourage premature aging and gives the skin a youthful glow.\nAvocado oil is penetrating rich in Vitamins A, D & E. It is excellent for hydrating dry skin and also mature skin.\nIngredients: Saponified oils of Avocado, Shea Butter, Olive Oil, Coconut, Soy, Milk, Fragrance, Colour.\nSahara Sunrise Dead Sea Salt Spa soap helps detoxify the skin especially after a being exposed to pollutants in the air like exhaust fumes, dust, dirt and grime. It contains Dead Sea Salt which contains 10 times more minerals than ordinary sea salt, these minerals help in cleansing and detoxifying the skin.\nRub Sahara Sunrise Dead Sea Salt Spa soap all over wet skin, then on your wet sponge/loofa. Take your time and gently scrub your skin with vertical strokes from the leg up. This gives this mineral rich soap time to go to work detoxifying your skin. Then rinse off.\nIngredients: Premium saponified oils of Soy, Coconut, Olive, Canola, Shea Butter, Cocoa Butter, Dendritic salt, Dead Sea Salt, Fragrance, Color.", "Actalin\u2122 is all-natural premium dietary supplement formulated by renowned holistic physician david brownstein, m.d. to support your optimal thyroid health.. Actalin review. actalin is a thyroid supplement that uses iodine and other nutrients to restore your thyroid health. here\u2019s our actalin review.. Question \u2013 can i take actalin while on levothyroxin? . ask a doctor about uses, dosages and side-effects of desiccated thyroid extract, ask an endocrinologist.\nAmazon payment products. amazon.com rewards visa card; amazon.com store card; amazon.com corporate credit line; shop with points; credit card marketplace; reload your. Amazon.com: actalin thyroid support formula dietary supplement 60 capsules: health & personal care at amazon \u2013 now available from blue kangaroo, your personal shopper.. How dawn healed her adrenals\u2013an inspiring story everyone must read! i was wondering if you or any of your bloggers have ever tried dr. brownstein\u2019s actalin.\nFind great deals on ebay for actalin . shop with confidence.. Find actalin trademark and brand information for products and services associated with the medix health llc in boca raton, fl, 33431 and search for other trademarks. Read thyroid supplement testimonials and reviews from men and women who have discovered actalin from medix select..\nFind actalin trademark and brand information for products and services associated with the medix health llc in boca raton, fl, 33431 and search for other trademarks. Actalin review. actalin is a thyroid supplement that uses iodine and other nutrients to restore your thyroid health. here\u2019s our actalin review.. How dawn healed her adrenals\u2013an inspiring story everyone must read! i was wondering if you or any of your bloggers have ever tried dr. brownstein\u2019s actalin.", "Prize Soundproofing is going to be here for all your needs concerning Soundproofing in Barstow, CA. We have got a crew of qualified experts and the most advanced solutions in the industry to give you exactly what you might need. Our supplies are always of the very best quality and we have learned to save money. Give us a call at 844-222-4922 to start out.\nHere at Prize Soundproofing, we realize that you'll want to stay within budget and lower your expenses anywhere you'll be able to. Yet, conserving money shouldn't signify that you sacrifice excellent quality on Soundproofing in Barstow, CA. We are going to make sure that our cash conserving efforts don't ever indicate a reduced level of quality. When you hire our staff, you'll get the advantage of our expertise and quality products making sure that your project can last even while saving your time and money. That is attainable given that we understand how to help you save time and cash on materials and labor. Save time and dollars by contacting Prize Soundproofing now. You will get in touch with our company at 844-222-4922 to learn more.\nSoundproofing are available in Barstow, CA.\nYou should be kept informed with regards to Soundproofing in Barstow, CA. We ensure you know exactly what should be expected. We take the unexpected situations out of the scenario by providing adequate and detailed info. Begin by talking about the project with our customer support reps when you contact 844-222-4922. We're going to answer your concerns and questions and set up your first meeting. We will work closely with you through the entire project, and our company is going to appear promptly and well prepared.\nYou have lots of good reasons to look to Prize Soundproofing to meet your needs concerning Soundproofing in Barstow, CA. We are the best option if you need the most beneficial money saving methods, the top materials, and the highest rate of customer service. We offer the skills you will want to meet all of your goals. Dial 844-222-4922 whenever you need Soundproofing in Barstow, and we're going to work with you to successfully complete your project.", "It\u2019s no coincidence Rebecca and I are in Los Angeles this week. We\u2019re celebrating 10 years of friendship!\nBack in 2006, Rebecca Bollwitt (aka Miss604) and I met through a mutual acquaintance. She was live-blogging an event, I was tagging along. I admittedly had no idea who she was, nor did I realize at the time what an incredible friend I would soon gain.\nSince that summer night, I have had the extreme fortune of keeping her in my private inner circle. We share frustrations and fears, seek each other for advice, and sometimes have entire texting conversations solely in GIFs. She makes me laugh until I cry, and if I\u2019m crying she\u2019ll make me laugh again.\nOur friendship has also given us some pretty fantastic opportunities to travel, embark on adventure, and explore new experiences. When Rebecca and I realized that 2016 marks our tenth year of friendship, we knew instantly that we had to celebrate. So what do two women in their 30s do? Go to Disneyland, naturally!\nIn honour of our recent date with Mickey Mouse, I walked down memory lane in photographs and want to share some of my favourites with you all.\nHere\u2019s to 10, 20, and 30 more years with my beautiful friend. To more generously-poured glasses of wine, more girls\u2019 nights, more laughter, more (happy) tears, more adventure, and hopefully more Mickey.\nLifelong friendships are the best. I love you two.\n<3 So much fun! See you on the next adventure.", "Oakland Raiders owner Mark Davis speaks during a ceremonial groundbreaking for the Oakland Raiders\u2019 stadium Monday, Nov. 13, 2017, in Las Vegas.\nTuesday, Sept. 25, 2018 | 2 a.m.\nThe Raiders have increased in value by nearly $1 billion since they initiated plans to move from Oakland to Las Vegas in 2016, according to Forbes.\nThe franchise is valued at $2.42 billion in the financial publication\u2019s latest listing, making the Raiders the 18th most valuable team in the NFL. Dallas is No. 1 on the list at $5 billion; Buffalo is No. 32 at $1.6 billion. Forbes released its data last week.\nIn 2015, Forbes valued the Raiders at $1.43 billion, which ranked 31st out of 32 teams. But the following year, when talks of the potential move to Las Vegas and a new state-of-the-art stadium started to take shape, the team\u2019s value surged 47 percent to $2.10 billion.\nThe record $750 million public contribution to the $1.8 billion stadium project was noted by Forbes for enhanced value. The stadium will also be funded through a $600 million loan from Bank of America and a $200 million loan from the NFL. Sales of personal seat licenses are expected to generate $250 million, which would go toward paying that debt back, the report states.\nThe Raiders and the Los Angeles Rams, who will also move into a new stadium for the 2020 season, will see their team values increase in future years, said Michael Ozanian, Forbes executive editor, who created the publication\u2019s sports-team valuation lists.\nBut the Los Angeles Chargers, who will also play at the Rams\u2019 Los Angeles-area stadium, won\u2019t fare as well, he said.", "#209 Get the raw_config using git instead of HTTP.\nMerged 9 months ago by jkaluza. Opened 9 months ago by jkaluza.\nGet the raw_config using git instead of HTTP.\n+     # Definitions of raw Pungi configs for \"raw_config\" source_type.\n+             # hardcoded in the config file.\n+                         \"raw_config_urls['%s']['%s'] is not defined.\"\n# the raw_config wrapper as real \"pungi.conf\".\n# and override some variables.\n+             # Clone the git repo with raw_config pungi config files.\n+             # Create the \"pungi.conf\" from config_filename.\n-     Downloads file from URL `url` to `output_path`.\n\"\"\"A decorator that allows to retry a section of code until success or timeout.\"\"\"\n+     Implementation of shutil.copytree which does not fail when `dst` exists.\n\"\"\"Run hardlink to consolidates duplicate files in dirs\"\"\"\nPreviously, we used RAW_CONFIG_URLS to configure URL to single Pungi configuration file which was later downloaded using HTTP protocol. This cannot be used in practice, because Pungi configuration file can link to other files like \"variants.xml\", \"comps.xml\" or even another pungi configuration.\nIn this PR, the HTTP URL is replaced with git URL and the git repository with raw config and other fileds is cloned instead of downloading single configuration file using HTTP.\nIf \"path\" is specified, config_filename is under the 'path' dir in topdir, rather than the topdir directly, which is copied to topdir above. Or I'm mis-reading this that the topdir doesn't exist before the shutil.copytree?\n@qwan: I've changed the code a bit, please review again :(.\nWhen path is defined, the files are copied from $topdir/raw_config_repo/$patch to $topdir. If path is not defined, the whole $topdir/raw_config_repo is copied to $topdir.\nI've added tests for that.", "Be it a run on the sidewalk or focusing on your reps in gym, Torteo Blare bluetooth headset is the ultimate partner-in-need that will make your fitness routine more interesting. Noise reduction, strong bass, HD sound quality, V4.0 bluetooth version and 8 hours battery backup to play music, make it the ideal choice that not only help you look out of the league but also concentrate on single task at hand. Besides, you may also carry on with your calls for as long as 10 hours.\nEven if your Bluetooth enabled smartphone, PC or laptop is 10 metres away from this music gracing machine, you can still enjoy quality music. So just complete your reps and sets while keeping your phone out of your pocket, to avoid ruining its screen. Simply listen to music for 8 hours or enjoy your 10 hour long call time.\nLetting you connect to a call with just one click, skipping a track, and adjusting the volume, top the list of Blare Bluetooth specifications. Even when your phone is away, the keys on the sleek and smart headphones will allow you to use it well.\nBe it silicon ear tips or smooth wires following that, toreto tbe-804 blare is a pro of flexibility. Just let it hang around your neck so that you can smoothly do your running, gyming, cycling, travelling, trekking and every other task that requires more focus.\nThe rubber finish of its body embraces your neck with the aim to not fall and its sleek design gives your style an edge. It dazzle up your cool looks and sets you apart from the crowd of other Bluetooth headphones that ask for attention. Blare gets you attention.\nIf you want to explore more about it then buy online as Blare bluetooth headset comes in go-with-every-look colours, i.e. black and white. If your dressing mood is light, go with white, where black will complement if you are confident.\nThe sleek, sophisticated design of smooth finished packaging visually presents the whole story of Blare\u2019s charismatic performance.", "Everyone can hear, but we are not all qualified sound experts. If you need \u201csound\u201d advise, your most valuable investment would be to consult with an experienced audio consultant before spending money.\nOver the years, we have had the privilege of travelling around the world, teaching, consulting and engineering. Having done work in hundreds of venues and in many studios, we can recall only a few places where the necessary steps were taken to create an environment where hearing comes easy.\nNot only is the wrong gear very often bought, but even more often the equipment purchased is wrongly used by untrained people, which leads to poor sound quality. Furthermore, shops which sell sound equipment very rarely have qualified personnel able to assist with knowledge.\nSetting up a sound system in a venue is a rather complex process. It should take into account the many aspects of the venue in which it will be used, and its potential application.\nThe goal of any building dedicated to public addresses and entertainment (churches, school and civic halls, theatres) should be to facilitate easy hearing. Such venues should aid the delivery of a message in song or spoken fashion. If not, a large portion of the goal (to facilitate communication) is not achieved.\nWith today\u2019s technology and knowledge, much can be done to reach this goal.\nTraining people operating the sound system. People are always the greatest asset to your business \u2013 a great system poorly operated will sound much worse than a bad system well utilised. Remember \u201cears before gear\u201d.\nSpending time, effort and funds in selecting and installing suitable sound systems.\nUtilising acoustic treatments as directed by an acoustician or qualified engineer.\nAvoiding bargains and advice given by unqualified people (unfortunately there are many out there), for that always backfires.\nConsidering the sound aspect from the planning stages and involving an acoustician when designing a venue from scratch.\nWe are not bound to a specific range of products that we need to sell. Therefore, our recommendations are honest, and based on experience and knowledge, aimed at finding the best solution for a particular project. We do import and are the agent for specific makes, as we have found the price/quality ratio unbeatable; however we will not recommend it if we think it does not match your requirements.", "SCHOOLCHILDREN had the chance to meet the city's first citizen when she paid a very special visit to Miles Platting this week.\nASHLEY McKnight has his plaster cast autographed by the Lord Mayor Councillor Audrey Jones.\nSCHOOLCHILDREN had the chance to meet the city&apos;s first citizen when she paid a very special visit to Miles Platting this week.\nProudly wearing her chains of office, the Lord Mayor of Manchester Councillor Audrey Jones arrived at Nicholas Varley Primary School, to the delight of wide-eyed pupils.\nAccompanied by her daughter, Lady Mayoress Councillor Helen Jones, she was taken on a tour of the Nelson Street school by Year 6 classmates Joshua Jeffries and Ashley McKnight.\nShe even took time out to sign Ashley&apos;s plaster cast on his broken arm before posing for pictures.\nTeacher Sharron Worthington and secretary Carol Henry were also on hand to tell the dignitaries all about the curriculum and the huge range of activities on offer for the youngsters.\nHeadteacher John Tennant said: \"The visit helps us promote the idea of citizenship to the pupils. We hope it gives them something to aspire to.\"\n\"Education shouldn&apos;t just be about English, maths and science. We want out children to experience and understand what goes on in the community. It&apos;s a great way to give them a broader view of life.\"\nChairman of governors David Wilson said: \"I invite the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress to the school every year. They saw many of the pupils in their classrooms and were pleased to answer questions from the children.\"", "So i need to replace the ECM on my 93 SL2 and everything I see says that it needs to be programmed before installing. I thought that these older computers had PROM chips and could not be programmed? Anyone have any insight on this?\nIf you get a new one it may need to be programmed. If you get one out of a junk yard you should not have to program it.\nI got a reman one. I plugged it in and so far everything seems fine. I need to replace my CEL bulb since it is blown so, I'm not sure if it is currently on. As for programming, would I need to do a passthru with the tech2 and the obd1 connector similar to the 96' and up?\nYes...and you may need to find someone that has the program. We used to have CD's with the calibrations on them. The new way is to download it through GM.\nTo be honest, I don't know if the downloaded version goes back that far with a saturn so I cannot tell to for certain that any GM dealer dealer could program it.\nThe OBD1 connector is different from the OBD2. They are not interchangeable. The tech2's do have a removable connector so that you can swap on the OBD1 fitting. The OBD1 system also requires external power. The OBD2 system has power leads in the connector, OBD1 does not. GM had an extra part that clamped onto the battery terminals and then plugged into the bottom of the tech2 for power when scanning and OBD1 system.\nAlso... If you go in to replace bulbs, be prepared for others to go out. In my experience you will end up replacing five or six bulbs. For some reason or another, those old clusters do not like it when you remove them and more lights stop working.", "It\u2019s time to stop imagining and start implementing your ideas. It is a day people dream of, and everything should be perfect. Perfection is easy to find, but not as easy to pay for. Can you really afford the wedding of your dreams? This article will help you to spend efficiently on your wedding.\nIf you\u2019re doing your own catering, Costco is a place that can save you a lot on wedding food. Wholesale prices are generally lower. Think about asking friends to contribute to the food bill.\nDon\u2019t starve yourself to fit in your wedding dress! If you attempt to lose weight too quickly, you are going to be dehydrated, just like a fighter getting ready for a fight. The last thing you need is to pass out as the vows are being given. Instead, choose a dress that has a corset back that can be taken in and out as needed on the big day.\nTake the time to think about what you want to say in your vows since these words mean so much and will heard by all of your guests. Your vows are a reflection of the strength of your commitment to your partner. Concentrate on the sacrifices you are happy to make for the sake of the marriage when writing your vows. Express how much you love the person you are going to marry in your vows.\nEver wonder what you will look like gliding up the aisle at your wedding? Set up a large mirror and practice walking toward it. If you plan to wear high heels with your dress, this is especially important. If you are worried about a twisted ankle, choose attractive flats instead. It\u2019s a pretty simple exchange there to ensure you\u2019re not going to fall.\nIt\u2019s time for you to plan your big day, and you\u2019re concerned about your budget and planning efforts. You want perfection, but you don\u2019t want to go into debt achieving it. Here you have learned some time honored wedding day tips that will help you save money. Now get out there and plan your perfect wedding day.", "I am a young dude born and raised in the small town of Chitungwiza, Unit J to be exact. I am sure everybody who lives in Unit J has heard the word \u201cSixers\u201d or seen it printed on a tee shirt being worn by some youngster somewhere along the streets of Unit J. Well if you are one of those who have wondered what Sixers is (like I used to), I wanna tell you all about the Sixers.\nYung Myk (17), Drae (16) and D-Cyphr (18) make up \u201c070\u201d, a group that is signed to Sixers They recently released a single called \u201cHaunyare\u201d which is currently doing well on the streets. The track is about \u201chaters\u201d which most rappers call out on their tracks and these guys are saying \u201cHaunyare kutivenga\u201d (Are you not ashamed of hating us?). They also talk about hustling and chasing their dreams. You can download \u201cHaunyare\u201d right here. When I had a chat with BigWill he was telling me that they are working on putting out a video for this track soon, yes it is really that good. I can\u2019t wait for the video because I liked the track. The beat was super nice and it had some really dope punch lines. Look out for the video.\nBigWill also hinted on the future projects that we can expect from this crew. The group \u201c070\u201d is most likely going to release an album this year , followed by Kayke\u2019s release in that order. For now, however, they are going to hit us with a couple of singles and judging from what they have dropped currently, I am sure they will represent Chitown quite well on the Zim Hip-Hop scene because they are hungry for success.\nIf you wanna stay updated on what the Sixers are up to, or you wanna put in work with these dudes, you can reach them via their Facebook page, Sixers Ambition or hit up @BigWillC6 on Twitter.\nMakes me kinda proud because this rap crew is representing my home town yeah. Check out the rest of their music here.\nPlease don\u2019t forget to like our Zimlink page here.\nPrevious articleDon\u2019t Die Young: Protect Your Heart!", "MasterTech Automotive has highly-trained technicians on staff who have years of experience working on an array of Ford vehicles. The staff we have is also friendly and eager to answer your questions or concerns about what's wrong with your Ford vehicle. Any problem, from suspension to engine or transmission will be looked at by trained staff, diagnosed and then repaired. We know exactly what we're doing to your Ford vehicle, because of all the Ford's we have worked on and the strong heritage.\nThe Ford Motor Company has offered a wide range of cars over the company's history. From minivans to crossovers and SUVs, Ford has a vehicle suited for just about anyone, and MasterTech Automotive in Colchester, VT is happy to provide service for them. Their two most famous vehicles - the F-150 pickup truck and the Mustang sports car - are both American icons that set the standards in trucking and American muscle cars.\nFord vehicles are known for their simple reliability, but sometimes problems do occur. No car is perfect. Ford vehicles can suffer from suspension, engine and transmission problems depending on the year and model of the vehicle. When things go wrong, though, you have nothing to worry about if you bring your Ford to MasterTech Automotive.\nWe here at MasterTech Automotive offer competitive repair and maintenance prices to work on Ford vehicles. And we pride ourselves on working quickly while correctly fixing your car the first time so you can get on your way. If you'd like to schedule an appointment, you can call us at 802-652-9991. If you're in the area of our service center, you can also stop at our location. Our staff is waiting to help.", "Combining sweet sorghum (SS) with alfalfa (AF) for ensiling has the potential to improvethe nutritive value and fermentation characteristics of resultant silages. However, the opti-mal combination and the associative effects of SS and AF for ensilage have not been studied.Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the fermentation characteristic and nutri-tive value of silage mixtures with six different SS to AF ratios. The two forages were ensiledin air free silos for 150 days at room temperature as mixtures containing 0:100, 20:80, 40:60,60:40, 80:20, and 100:0 of SS:AF on a fresh weight basis. As the proportion of SS increasedin silage, the content of ash, crude protein, saponins, ammonia, acetic acid, propionic acidand pH decreased, while neutral detergent fiber, acid detergent fiber in organic matter, aciddetergent lignin, water-soluble carbohydrate, starch, total phenolics and condensed tan-nins content increased. The silages were evaluated in 24-h incubations with rumen liquor.The in vitro rumen degradability of dry matter and organic matter as well as gas produc-tion, pH, ammonia, total volatile fatty acids and methane decreased as the proportion of SSincreased in the silage mixtures. This study suggests that high quality silages can be made with SS:AF ratios of 20:80 and 40:60. These silage mixtures offer an opportunity to optimizethe nutrient supply for ruminant production.", "I want to take a moment to extend a very warm welcome to everyone who\u2019s visiting us for the first time. Whether you\u2019re just having a look, or are searching out for a place to worship, we\u2019re delighted to have you here.\n7:30pm \u2013 Mass (Bilingual) Dwuj\u0119zyczna Msza \u015aw.\nFrom the National Shrine of St. Joseph at Old St. Joseph Church on the campus of St. Norbert College in De Pere, WI to the National Shrine of Our Lady of Good Help in Champion, WI. The Walk to Mary winds approximately 21 miles from De Pere, WI, along the banks of the Fox River and the Niagara Escarpment to the town of Champion, WI. This one-of-a-kind Pilgrimage proves to be a physical and spiritual test in perseverance for nearly everyone. The route has been customized into segments to suit your comfort and ability. You can easily join-in at any join-in point along the way. Please see their webpage for complete details at: walktomary.com.\nMariusz at: 847-293-6603, email: mariusz@taxpol.net or Liz at the parish office: 847-827-9220.\nSaturday, May 4, 2019 3:00 am\u2014depart from St. Thomas Becket 7:00 am\u2014arrive at National Shrine of St. Joseph 12:15 pm\u2014lunch break 6:00 pm\u2014depart from Shrine of Our Lady of Good Help 9:30 pm\u2014arrive at St. Thomas Becket Fee of $75 per person includes coach bus, registration fee and a sandwich style lunch.", "John-Louis Jasper and J\u00f6rg Viebahn will join the Phoenix Racing team for the 2018 season. Together, they will be at the start with an Audi R8 LMS GT4 in the Pro-Am class of the GT4 European Series.\nWith Jasper, the team from Meuspath signed a young and talented driver for the upcoming season. Already last year, the 22-year-old was successful in the GT4 Northern Cup, finishing the season in eighth place of the overall standings. In addition, the German from Hamburg won the GT4 class of the 24 hours in Dubai together with Phoenix Racing.\n\u201cI am very happy to be competing in the GT4 European Series again this year. After my debut season in 2017, I now have the best chances to fight for victories and the championship in the Pro-Am class together with Phoenix Racing and the Audi R8 LMS GT4. It\u2019s great to have J\u00f6rg Viebahn at my side, an experienced and successful teammate \u201c, says Jasper.\nJ\u00f6rg Viebahn has been successfully away in long distance races as well as with GT4 vehicles for many years already. In 2013 and 2016, the German secured the championship title in the GT4 European Series. Furthermore, the 53-year-old looks back on numerous successes in the VLN and some other well-known long-distance series. With his vast experience, he is a valuable addition to Phoenix Racing\u2019s extensive GT4 programme.\n\u201cWith the mixture of a young and an experienced driver I see our team very well positioned in the Pro-Am class of GT4 European Championship. In recent years John-Louis has proven his talent over and over again. J\u00f6rg Viebahn has been competing successfully in the GT4 classes for years and with his experience he is a very valuable driver for the team. I am sure that the two will complement each other very well and will successfully contest the season.\u201d, explains Team Principal Ernst Moser.", "Symptom 1 is an Electrical issue with the RELAY and symptom 3 is of battery going end of life,where by you need a new battery. In that scenario , best is to try to Jump Start the car, after which take it to an auto store and have them test the battery for you for FREE. Most stores usually test the battery for FREE. See the section on Battery Replacement.\nThe famous TAP Method :- You can try the famous tapping method if the click seems to come from the motor. For this you should have access to the starter motor body either from over or under the hood. With a solid object (small hammer, wrench, wooden log etc) give few light taps to the body of the starter. You can even use your cars wheel spanner wrench. So give 3-4 nice but firm taps on the body of the starter and get back inside and start the car. If the starter cranks , it will confirm a worn out starter in need of a replacement. See example of where to tap the starter motor.\nStarter Motor Replacement : Starter is mounted to the engine usually by 2 bolts. Disconnect the battery first. Then you disconnect the wires going to the starter and remove the bolts , the starter should just wiggle out. The trouble is accessing the area can be hard . Some times you will have to remove parts around the motor , or you may have to reach it from the bottom of the car. Instructions are different for each cars and will usually take 2-3 hours on the average, and makes a great DIY if you are up for it.\nNow that I have described what a starter motor replacement involves , you can get an idea how much a repair shop should charge you :- Cost of starter + Labor. If they are asking more , they are probably ripping you.", "This apple galette is the perfect addition to any picnic or family gathering. It is light and delicate but packs the same rustic, cinnamon flavor of homemade apple pie.\nSift flour, salt and sugar into bowl.\nAdd butter in small pieces and rub into flour mixture using fingertips. Mixture should resemble fine bread crumbs.\nMix eggs water, vanilla and lemon zest. Make a well in the flour and pour egg mixture in. Mix to form soft dough. Knead dough on floured board until smooth.\nWrap in plastic and chill at least 30 minutes. Let stand at room temperature until ready to use.\nSlice apples thinly. Toss with lemon juice.\nIn a heavy skillet melt butter. Add brown sugar and mix well. Let simmer 1 minute.\nRemove from heat and add Fischer and Wieser Pecan Apple Butter. Mix well.\nReturn to heat and let simmer till thick. Add extra pecan pieces. Let cool slightly.\nAdd apple slices to apple butter mixture and fold to evenly coat.\nWhen dough is soft enough roll between two pieces of parchment paper. Flip in order to roll evenly and prevent wrinkles.\nRoll about \u00bc inch thickness and 8-9 inch diameter. Remove top parchment.\nPlace half of apple slices in an even layer starting in the middle of dough and leave about an inch border.\nUsing parchment paper fold dough over layer of apple slices. Repeat process for each pastry dough.\nTransfer parchment to sheet pan. Beat extra egg and brush on upturned dough of galette.\nBake at 350 degrees for 30-45 minutes or until dough is golden brown. Serve warm ala mode or cooled with whipped cream."]